She pulled the bike to a stop, the engine rumbling beneath her, setting a foot down to take in the view. She had to say, Menagerie was a gorgeous place, with its tall palm trees, the island surrounded by beautiful beaches, and the center of the town buzzing with activity. Merchants and townsfolks were chatting, filling the air with voices and laughter, sometimes children running through the mass with shrills as they laughed.

She killed the engine, jumping off the bike and bouncing on her feet a little, thankful for the stretch, as she pulled off her sunglasses. She pulled the bike beside her, nodding with a smile at the people looking at her. But when she arrived at the top of the hill, the rest of the town lying before her at the bottom of the valley, she stopped.

She managed so far, but even if she wanted to find Blake, she had to know which house was hers. And so, she tried asking the townsfolks.

Some stared at her, suspicious, and when they noticed she wasn’t a faunus, they turned on their heels and walked away. Some ignored her. But she continued to ask, with a smile, understanding that they probably didn’t see many humans on the island often. And at some point, one man, tall and lean, with rounded ears at the top of his head, pointed at the end of the hill, down the road.

“It’s… that way?” she asked, following the direction.

“No” he grumbled. “It’s that one. The Belladonna household.”

Blonde eyebrows rose, almost reaching the line of her hair. The man pointed at the huge house, sitting at the end of the road down the hill, surrounded by palm trees and small houses.

“The big one?” she asked again, just to be sure.

He nodded, blinking down at her with his soft green eyes, his face as hard as a block of ice.

“The big one down the main road, can’t miss it. Got it. Thank you, sir” she said with a large smile, extending her hand in front of her.

His brows furrowed slightly, and he glanced down at her hand, Yang realising she had offered her prosthetic hand too late, but a small smile pulled his lips as he took it, shaking it a little.

And she pulled her bike beside her again, the crowd too thick to drive around, to the big, white house at the end of the road. She stopped in front of it for a moment, hoping that her friend would be there. She set her bike on the side, near the front door, and climbed up the stairs, bouncing on the balls of her feet in front of the door, taking a deep breath. She was nervous. She had rehearsed what she would say to Blake all the way. She could do this. Sucking in a deep breath, she knocked with her left hand, five times. Because it wasn’t too much, and not too less. Anyway, that’s what she had always told herself.

She expected unfamiliar faces, or Blake, to open the door. So when the door swung open and a tall, blond man opened the door, she blinked, taken aback.

“Sun?!”

His eyes widened, his smile reaching his ears as he gasped loudly.

“Yang! I’m so glad you’re okay!” he nearly shouted, jumping forward as he wrapped her in a hug.

The blonde hugged him back, still a little shocked but glad to see him, too.

“What are you doing here?” she asked as they pulled apart, smiling.

“Yeah, I kinda followed Blake after she uh… left” he answered, chuckling nervously as he rubbed the back of his neck.

Before Yang could say something, a gasp behind Sun caught her attention. Stepping on the side, she could see Blake, her wide amber eyes staring at her, as she clutched at the sleeves of her long, white coat. Blake had always tried to keep her emotions in check; well, always tried that it wasn’t apparent on her face. But right now, Yang could see relief, joy, guilt and fear passing quickly, and she took a step forward, tentatively.

“Blake…”

Her voice was soft and she moved slowly, as to not startle the dark-haired faunus. But when she saw her take a step back, she felt her hands balling into tight fists.

“Don’t run, please…”

She hated how her voice sounded. How it was trembling. She promised herself not to cry, but seeing Blake run away from her again… she couldn’t take it. And the faunus seemed to understand, because she paused, locking her eyes with Yang’s.

“I’ll be back, I promise” she heard her whisper.

And by the time Yang blinked, the blonde was staring at one of Blake’s shadow, dissolving slowly in front of her. She kept staring at it, and reached her hand to it, but it only vanished under her touch, and she gritted her teeth, feeling her throat tightening, her eyes prickling. She had come this far, and now that she was right in front of her…

She felt a hand on her shoulder, and after blinking furiously the tears away, she glanced up to Sun, as he looked at her with a small, sympathetic smile.

“Give her some time. She’ll be back when she’s hungry” he joked, squeezing Yang’s shoulder lightly.

And, without skipping a beat:

“I really dig the outfit, Yang! You look…”

He took a step back, eyeing her from head to toe, before beaming.

“You look like a total badass!”

She snorted, her smile returning as she rested her right hand on her hip, throwing her blonde hair off her shoulder.

“That’s because I am” she replied cockily. “Wanna see something real cool?”

Raising his eyebrows, he nodded, and as he bounced slightly on his feet, looking expectantly at her, she felt her heart sink in her chest a little, seeing Ruby in his reaction. But she shook her head promptly, and pulled off her right glove, revealing her robot hand. She brought her hand in front of her, closing her hand into a fist a few times slowly, hearing the clacks of the pieces of metal working as the blond faunus gasped again.

“You have a robot arm?” he nearly shouted, stepping closer to look at it. “Where did you get it?”

“General Ironwood gave it to me. I guess it’s his way to say ‘sorry about the accusations’” she shrugged, smiling at his widening eyes as he glanced up at her.

“Athlesian?” he asked.

“Yep.”

“Damn, that's beautiful” he muttered, his fingers brushing over the yellow panels.

The noises of footsteps behind them made Yang glance over her shoulder, and she saw a petite woman, with short, black hair and two tall, equally dark cat ears sitting atop her head, her light yellow eyes an echo of Blake’s.

The woman stopped in surprise, glancing at Sun, and when her gaze came back to Yang, she narrowed her eyes slightly, eyeing her from head to toe.

“You must be Yang” she smiled, stepping towards them. “I remember the photos Blake showed us. She talked a lot about you.”

And she glanced to Sun.

“And he did, too. I heard there was a food fight, one time?”

Yang grimaced, elbowing Sun in the ribs.

“Thanks, dude. Way to give a good first impression” the blonde muttered to him.

“But it was awesome!” he only winced, rubbing his side as he pouted slightly, his tail swirling around his own leg.

The woman laughed quietly, one of her ears flicking, catching the light of the sun on her piercing as she extended her hand to Yang, a warm, large smile pulling her lips.

“I’m Kali” she said softly. “Blake’s mother” she added.

“It’s really nice to meet you” Yang smiled, taking her hand with her prosthetic, grimacing slightly when golden eyes glanced down, surprised. “I wanted to see Blake, but…”

“She ran off?” Kali sighed, glancing up in lilac eyes.

The blonde’s shoulders slouched slightly as her eyes fell on their hands, her smile vanishing.

“Yeah” she breathed.

Kali gently patted her prosthetic hand, a small smile on her lips.

“Well, until she decides to come back, and wants to talk to you, you can stay here as long as you like” the older woman offered as she pulled away. “It must have been a long journey. You should rest until dinner.”

“I don’t want to impose” Yang objected, shaking her head. “I have some cash; I can stay at a motel for a couple of days-”

“I’m sorry to be so blunt, but you won’t find anything” Kali grimaced, sliding her left hand into the sleeve of her right arm. “Nobody here will let you rent a room. You’re a human. You’re not supposed to be here.”

“Oh…” the blonde seemed to deflate. The day kept getting better and better, she thought bitterly.

“We have plenty of rooms” Kali assured. “You’re welcome to stay for as long as you like.”

“Thank you, Kali. But… can I do something for you? I don’t want to be a burden, so can I do something in exchange for a meal and a roof?”

She raised her dark eyebrows, staring at Yang for a moment, before frowning at Sun.

“Why couldn’t you be like her when you arrived?” she gently accused, more amused than anything. Then, she returned her attention to the young woman. “I don’t know what you could do, really. But I’ll think about it. In the meantime, Sun can show you to one of the empty guest room, and you can settle down.”

 

**** 

 

She ran, but she didn’t get far. She climbed in her favorite tree, just outside the backyard, the tall tree separating in five thick branches, the center flat, as if it was a giant hand. One branch was thicker than the others, and slightly apart. She liked to think it was the ‘thumb’, and she usually sat with her back on it, as she read a good book. But now, she only sat there, her knees pulled up against her chest, her forehead resting on her kneecaps.

She couldn’t bring herself to hear the conversation even if she could, because just hearing her voice… It was too much. For months she thought about what she would say to her. For months, she failed to find the words, only ending in tears. Sun had tried to make her understand that she probably wasn’t going to be mad at her, but it didn’t matter. It didn’t matter if Yang was mad at her or not, because she couldn’t bring herself to stand in front of her.

She closed her eyes as she gritted her teeth, trying to fight off her tears. Now was not the time. She thought about ways to sneak in the house to get some food without crossing path with Yang, or anyone, until she shook her head, grunting.

“What is wrong with me” she muttered.

And she repeated it again as she slid her fingers in her hair, pulling them back at the base of her neck and held them there, her hands closing tightly. The sudden crack of a branch made her jump, and there was a huff, and as she was about to stand, her mother landed right in front of her.

“I’m getting too old for this” she muttered as she sat down in front of her daughter, leaning her back against the ‘index’.

Blake settle back, her eyes cast to the side, avoiding her mother’s gaze even if she knew her ears were flat on her head. Kali waited a few seconds, before clearing her throat quietly.

“She seems like a nice person” the older woman started.

“She is” Blake murmured, resting her cheek against her knee.

“She seemed genuine, too. She wants to talk to you.”

“I know.”

Kali could see her ears flatten even more, flush against her scalp, and her eyebrows furrowed, a wrinkle forming between them.

“Then why did you run?”

“I can’t look at her” she whispered, her eyes filling with tears.

“Why?”

“It’s my fault she got injured. It’s my fault she… she lost her harm. And I left her anyway, even if I knew-”

She interrupted her sentence when she felt a hand on hers, glancing up to see Kali looking at her, and gently sat beside her daughter, wrapping her arm around Blake’s shoulder when the young woman leaned against her, sniffing quietly.

“Even if I knew she’d be devastated.”

“You never told me this” her mother said quietly, rubbing her palm up and down Blake’s arm as Blake hid her face in her mother’s neck.

“Not really proud of that” she murmured.

They stayed silent for a moment, Blake sniffing quietly, Kali resting her cheek on Blake’s head.

“Why did you leave, then?”

Blake swallowed, taking a few breaths before answering slowly.

“She’s… She’s really important to me. She’s my partner. She’s…” she paused, feeling Kali shift so she could look at her, but Blake bowed her head, keeping her face hidden from view. “I left to protect her. I had to” she spoke barely above her breath, so softly the breeze could take her words away, but Kali had the same sharp hearing as her daughter.

“Protect her from what?”

But when the silence grew, feeling Blake tense slightly, Kali sighed, hugging her daughter against her.

“Alright, I won’t push. But… how important is she? You, too, were hurt when you left. And I don’t mean physically” Kali added. “She must be pretty important for you to do that.”

“She is” she mumbled, her ears flicking.

“What about Sun? You didn’t try to run away when you saw him, and he was the one that saw you leave Beacon.”

Her ears flicked again.

“On a ship in the middle of the ocean, there’s nowhere to run” Blake spat out. “And of course he’s important, but… it’s different. Yang is my partner.”

Kali stared at the dark-head for a moment, before settling back.

“Well, you should talk to her. You’re important to her, if she made the journey. Where did you say she comes from, again?”

“From Patch” Blake said quietly. “It’s a little island, west of Vale.”

“That’s quite far” Kali noted.

Blake nodded silently, and a silence passed them again. When the younger woman stopped sniffing, Kali gently kissed the black head, before pulling away, one hand staying on Blake’s, and she locked her eyes with her daughter.

“Talk to her, when you’re ready” Kali repeated. “But don’t wait too long. And listen to me” she said, gripping gently her daughter’s chin. “There is nothing wrong with you.”

She felt Blake clench her jaw, a slight twitch on the corner of her lips as she glanced down, but Kali tapped her thumb on her chin twice, gaining Blake’s attention back.

“It’s okay to be scared, Blake. But don’t let that fear control you.”

Blake held her mother’s stare for a moment before glancing down, nodding slightly. Kali tapped her chin again, and thumbed her cheek gently, smiling softly. She leaned down, kissing Blake’s forehead, feeling her daughter clutch her sleeve as she did, closing her eyes.

“I love you, my beautiful girl” Kali murmured, nuzzling her hair.

“I love you too, Mom” she murmured back.

The older woman smiled. She knew her daughter; the young faunus always had trouble saying those words, even to her own parents, and Kali could count on one hand the number of times she heard her say that to her. She sat back on her haunches, smiling. She pulled away softly, her hand dropping to Blake’s, squeezing it gently one last time.

“I’ll take my leave, now” her mother said quietly.

Blake nodded, slowly pulling her legs up against her again, and the older woman turned on her heels.

“Oh, and one last thing” she added, glancing above her shoulder, “I will love you, whatever decisions you take, and I’ll love you even when you realise how important she is to you. Alright?”

A sly grin pulled her lips when she saw Blake close her mouth with a clack, a blush creeping its way up her neck, and Kali jumped down the tree.

 

**** 

 

After Sun helped her get her things in the guest room, she did what Kali suggested and took a nap. The journey had been long, even though she traveled with Bumblebee, and some well-deserved rest, in a real bed, was for the best. She felt like she’d just laid her head on the pillow, and she woke up, startled, from a few knocks on the door, the darkened room telling her it was the evening, now. Kali herself went to wake her up for dinner, and Yang apologised, saying that she could have helped in the kitchen.

Dinner was taken with Sun, Kali and herself, for Ghira being out in town, meeting with merchants, and Blake being… elsewhere. Yang felt abandoned again. In Blake’s own house. She started to doubt about her journey, doubt about Blake. Maybe she didn’t want to see her again, after all.

Sun must have felt her brooding, because he started to tell stories, from Beacon. He talked animatedly, waving his hands around, glancing back and forth between the two other women to make sure they were listening, and every time he noticed Yang looking away, absent, he would call out to her.

“What did Weiss used in the food fight, again? Some kind of fish?” he asked, poking her shoulder with his tail.

And every time he called out, asking about something he already knew, she only snorted, smiling a little.

“A swordfish, Sun. What else could she use?”

And the evening went like that, Kali listening with attention at Sun’s stories, and even more attentive when Yang told how she and Blake had become partners, then a few anecdotes about the team. Before long, Kali excused herself, retiring for the night, as it was already late in the evening, and soon after, Yang did the same.

She closed the door behind her, sighing as she let her head fall back against it. She was hesitating between going to bed even though she wasn’t tired, her nap far too effective, or taking a walk, even though she didn’t know the place, when she heard a knock.

Frowning as she straightened her head, she glanced over her shoulder to the door, surprised. The noise wasn’t coming from there. The knock came again, insistent, and she glanced the other way, towards the window, and she blinked.

Blake was crouched there, her hand pressed against the window to keep her balance, and when their eyes locked, she smiled a small smile, her ears jerking back, but not flat on her head. Blake was nervous.

Crossing the distance in four wide steps, Yang unlocked and opened the window, Blake sitting back on her hunches. For a moment, they stayed silent.

“I’m sorry I barged in here” Yang finally said. “Couldn’t call you beforehand telling you I was coming” she tried to joke.

Blake kept her eyes cast down, her ears flicking once, still jerked back.

“I’m sorry I ran. I… had to think.”

The blonde hummed, staring at her for a moment, and she walked back to the bed, sitting on the edge of it, and she saw Blake sit on the windowsill. She was just glad the faunus was willing to stay, at least for a moment.

“I like your outfit” Yang said quietly after a moment. “You look like a pirate Queen.”

Golden eyes, glowing in the darkness, glanced up at her with a huff.

“A pirate Queen? Really, Yang?”

“Yeah! I mean, it looks badass, and well… you look…”

She stopped for a moment, staring from head to toe, before pulling her hands up, both her thumbs up.

“You look good!”

Her smile was sincere, and Blake snorted, rolling her eyes.

“Smooth, Yang. I like your outfit too, by the way.”

Her smile grew an inch larger, but it didn’t go unnoticed as Blake laughed quietly. A silence fell on them again, this time heavier than before. The faunus shifted, sucking in a deep breath.

Come on, Belladonna. Just talk to her.

“I’m sorry I left, Yang” she started, her voice low as she stared at her feet. “I’m so sorry-”

“No” Yang interrupted, standing suddenly.

Blake straightened her head, her ears drooping, and she stared at the blonde.

“The last thing I remember from that night, is not something I see, not even the pain I felt. The last thing I remember is your voice, apologising over and over again.”

Yang could see her shoulders slouch slightly, her grip tightening on the edge of the window, and her ears drooping a little more, but she stayed silent, her eyes cast down on the floor.

“I don’t want to hear you apologise. Pretty sure you apologised for what happened, and what you were about to do” the blonde continued, seeing her hung her head, and she stepped closer. “I want to know why you left. How you felt. You must have been scared shitless, and yet” she waved her hand in front of her. “You left anyway.”

The faunus swallowed thickly. She came to Yang’s window, thinking she was prepared to whatever Yang asked her, but… It was just so difficult. She opened and closed her mouth a few times, trying to find the right words, when she heard the soft, quiet words of Yang.

“Was it because of me? Was it because without my arm, I was a burden to you?”

“No!” Blake nearly shouted, jumping to her feet inside the room. “Absolutely not! I never, ever thought that!”

The simple thought of Yang, back at her home, thinking she was left behind because she wasn’t useful to her… She felt dizzy. She couldn’t believe the blonde thought that about her.

“Did you really think… That was why I left?” she breathed, feeling her legs starting to shake.

Without waiting for her answer, she turned on her heels. Fresh air would be nice. Some alone time, too. But her legs were so weak that it carried her slower than she thought, and as she climbed out the window, Yang grabbed her arm firmly.

“Don’t run from me again” she murmured, her lilac eyes so dark in the night, even with her night-vision.

“Yang I can’t – I can’t-” a sob racked her chest, the firm hold of Yang’s hand softening slightly. “What is wrong with me? What kind of friend am I, if you thought that about me-”

“Then tell me why you left.”

“It was to protect you” she breathed, her voice rising in pitch. “To protect everyone. He… He’ll come for me again” she didn’t say his name, knowing well enough that Yang would understand. “I don’t want someone dear to me die because of me, because that’s what he want to do to me. I don’t want you to die because of me. I nearly lost you once.”

She shook her head, glancing down.

“I can’t let that happen again. The farther I get from you, the farther he’ll be from you.”

“But you’re only going to get yourself killed, Blake. You can’t take him and his men alone.”

Her voice was soft, her thumb caressing her arm.

“And for the record: if we had to go back to that night, and lose my arm trying to protect you, I would do it again. In a heartbeat.” She said, serious, as she stared straight in her eyes. “Although, I’ll try to be more prepared, next time” she added with a small smile.

Blake stared at her for a second, her eyes filling with tears, and she bowed her head, hiding her face from view, bumping her head against the blonde’s shoulder, sniffing quietly.

“Why are you like that” she mumbled. “I never asked for you to get injured for me. I don’t want you to die for me. I never asked that.”

She felt something cold grip her chin in a gentle hold, realising it was Yang’s prosthetic fingers, and the blonde raised her head so she could look at her in the eyes.

“If I get injured, or even killed when I’m protecting you, then it’s worth it, and I would do it again, Blake.”

“I never asked that” she objected. “I don’t expect that from you.”

“Would you do the same for me?” Yang asked.

Blake stared at her for a moment, and she glanced down as she nodded.

“Yeah” she breathed. “I would do the same for you.”

“Then it was worth it” the blonde said softly, her metal thumb caressing Blake’s cheek.

The faunus gently took her hand, feeling it cold and hard in her hand, and held it in front of her, looking down at it. Brushing her fingers on the palm, feeling the panels and the bolts, hearing every sound it made at the slightest move of the fingers.

“Of course I was scared, that night” Blake murmured, her eyes staying on Yang’s hand. “I made sure you and Ruby were in the airship. When I got back to get Weiss, I saw her father’s airship flying away. At least, she was out of there. And then, I left.”

She sighed, toying with the fingers, flexing them slowly, feeling the panels shift and move.

“I stayed on Beacon grounds for… a few days, I think. I don’t really know. I patched up my wound, knowing that my aura would heal it up in no time. I… I didn’t know where to go. At some point, I figured I would go back home.”

Yang gently wrapped her fingers around Blake’s wrist, tugging her softy inside the room, and Blake let her, following the blonde to the bed as they both sat on it. Yang shrugged her coat off, leaving her only in her yellow tank top, and quickly kicked her boots off, sitting back on the pillows as she leaned her back on the headboard, patting the space beside her, but the faunus stayed where she sat, and Yang didn’t insist. She only took Blake’s hand in her flesh one, thumbing her knuckles gently.

“I was scared for that, too” Blake continued. “I hadn’t go back home in years. I feared my dad would be mad at me. I feared my mom would be. But… The first thing she did when she saw me was hug me” she mumbled, still somewhat amazed by that.

“Sun told me he followed you after you left” Yang recalled, her tone even.

Blake huffed, rolling her eyes.

“Yes, well. I was distracted, and I only noticed someone was following me when I was on the boat. He looked so proud of him” she remembered, huffing almost angrily. “I told him many times that he should go back, but…” she trailed off, shrugging.

A silence fell on them for a moment. The moonlight fell through the open window like a ray of white, and Yang could only see one side of Blake’s face, painted in silver, as a small smile pulled the faunus’s lips.

“Dad doesn’t like him” she chuckled quietly.

And her smile faded as her brows furrowed, creating shadows on her forehead as a wrinkle formed.

“We…” she started, her voice low and soft. “There was a spy, a few weeks back. And, I went after her when I noticed her. And, of course, Sun came to help, but… he…”

She bit her lips, squeezing Yang’s hand a little tighter.

“He got shot” she murmured. “I thought he was going to die, and the spy escaped. I was… I was terrified. I couldn’t lose someone. Not after nearly losing you” she added, glancing up to lock her eyes with Yang’s.

“He’s alright, now” Yang reminded her.

She entwined their fingers together, and Blake let her, her eyes cast on their hands as she nodded silently. She let a few heartbeats passed, before taking a deep breath.

“Now, Adam probably knows I’m in Menagerie” she breathed, smiling a small, sad smile. “I just want some peace. At least, for a time.”

“Hey” the blonde called.

Amber eyes glanced up, glowing strangely in the dark, her pupils blown wide as she locked her eyes with Yang’s, and the blonde opened her arms silently without another word, waiting. Blake bit her lip, hesitating for a hot second, before shifting closer, leaning her head on Yang’s shoulder as she felt the blonde’s arms around her, hugging her gently.

“You can always get a few minutes of peace here” the blonde murmured in her human ear, her breath tickling her cat ear, making it flick twice. “Alright?”

The faunus shifted, hiding her face in the blonde’s neck as she nodded quickly, leaning in the blonde’s side. They stayed like that, Blake didn’t even know how long. Yang was as warm as she remembered, and she still smelled the same. A strange mix of citrus and gunpowder, and something else, something that made it Yang’s scent. She listened to the blonde’s heartbeat, strong and steady against her ear, feeling safe for the first time in forever, she felt, in the blonde’s arms.

She was starting to doze off, feeling her eyelids heavy, until a loud rumble made both of them jump. As the noise started again, Blake felt an ache in her stomach, and realised she was starving, Yang understanding too, laughing quietly.

“Just go eat something” she smiled as she pulled away. “We’ll talk again tomorrow, okay?”

The faunus nodded, a small smile on her lips as she stood, stretching. She walked back to the window, and as she was about to climb out, she paused, glancing over her shoulder.

“Thank you, Yang” she murmured, loud enough for the blonde to hear.

“For what?” she asked, furrowing her blonde eyebrows.

“For not giving up on me, even though I’m a shit friend” Blake blurted out before disappearing outside without waiting for an answer.

Yang huffed, shaking her head as she slipped under the cover with a sigh.

“You’re not a shit friend, Blake” she murmured, closing her eyes.

 

**** 

 

Kali walked down the hallway, yawning, as the morning light crept its way inside the house. It was still early, the birds chirping happily outside, and she walked quietly, knowing she was discreet enough that she couldn’t wake up anyone. But near the end of the hallway, she stopped when she passed Blake’s bedroom door. She hadn’t seen her daughter after she went to find her in the tree, and she was a little worried the young woman hadn’t come back for the night.

She stood there, in front of the door. Making up her mind, she knocked twice on the door, waiting for an answer, knowing she could hear it perfectly even through the door. But when no answer came, she frowned. She knocked again, this time twisting the doorknob and creeping the door open, just enough so she could peek inside. And she only saw Blake’s bed, empty, the covers still neatly folded.

She hadn’t come back.

Kali closed the door with a sigh. She made a mental note to search for her today as she started walking, but she stopped again, this time stopping in front of one of the guests room, Yang’s room. Without hesitation, she knocked twice, and was already twisting the doorknob, creeping the door open again, as silently as she could, peeking inside.

She could hear light snores before she could see Yang, sleeping on her side, her face towards the door, her flesh arm folded under the pillow and the prosthetic extended in front of her, the hand falling from the edge. And as she glanced at the sleeping blonde, she saw Blake’s head appearing slowly behind the blonde’s shoulder, her face scrunched up, still half-asleep, as she was woken up by the knocks, and she froze when she locked her eyes with her mother’s.

Wide amber eyes glanced down at Yang, then came back to the amused older faunus.

“I missed her snores” Blake mumbled under her breath, knowing her mother would hear.

“Sure” the older woman replied as quietly.

Kali grinned, winking, and closed the door silently while Blake blushed furiously, laying back beside the sleeping blonde.