Rick had gotten into the habit of tucking Morty into bed.

Neither of them talked about it, but every night, Rick would come in to make sure Morty is cozy and safe, tuck him in, and do something nice like ruffle his hair of even give him a little kiss.

Morty wasn’t a little boy anymore but Rick was subconsciously desperate to make up for never being there.

And he got a bizarre way to do so when Morty came to him with a problem.

It had taken Morty quite a while to work up the courage and now he was standing in Rick’s room, shifting from foot to foot and chewing on his lower lip.

“Are yy-you gonna tell me what’s bothering you, Morty? Cause if not, I—I have things to do, kiddo,” Rick said, not even bothering to turn around in his chair but he could still sense how nervous and uncomfortable his grandson was. Obviously, it must be embarrassing, and his talent in not showing his feelings was saving him from not looking too interested.

“Okay, oh jeez, o-okay, I uhm, I—I keep…I mean do you—you have anything…do you have anything for bed wetting? I—I keep…I keep waking up at—at night and I—I pee myself before I can make it to the bathroom…” Morty was rubbing at his face as though trying to get rid of his blush and his voice was squeaky with discomfort.

Well, that was fairly unexpected.

Rick had caught a glimpse of Morty sneaking to the garage with his linens once but never really thought it was an actual problem despite being the one putting the boy to bed.

There of course had to be something in some dimension that would fix Morty’s problem but selfish man that he was; Rick had a better idea. “Okay, I—I’ll give yy-you something later tonight. The sound good?”

“Sure,” Morty nodded, spirits lifted. “Thuh-thank you Rick!” he called as he hurried out of the man’s room, thoroughly embarrassed.

Rick chuckled softly at Morty’s hasty exit, jotting down a couple last notes on his blueprint before standing and grabbing his portal gun to head out and get he needed for Morty. Hopefully the boy wasn’t opposed to his idea.

Later that night, around eleven o’clock, Rick scooped up his items and headed off to Morty’s room. The boy was lying on his bed over the covers and looking at his phone, looking tired and Rick knocked gently on the door even though it was wide open.

Morty looked up at Rick and smiled sleepy, setting his phone down and stretching out, his toes splaying. “Hi, Rick.”

“I got’ya something to help with y-your bedwetting, kiddo” Rick said, walking over to Morty and showing him what he had.

Morty pushed himself up and looked at what his grandpa was holding curiously but his heart leaped up into his throat when he realized what the two items were. “Wait, Rick, that’s…”

“Yeah, I—I know” Rick nodded as Morty eyed the diaper and baby wipe box in his hands wearily. “But i-if you wear one while you—you sleep, then you can’t wet the bed, yeah?”

“I mean, y-yeah, buh-but…” Morty whined, face red, and he was tapping his fingers together to soothe himself. “I—I’m not a baby, Rick,” he mumbled.

“Of course not, Morty. Yy-you’re just my sweet little grandson and I—I wanna help you out,” Rick assured, shuffling what he was carrying so that he could reach out and pet Morty’s curls.

Some of Morty’s apprehension melted away at the affection and he leant into his grandpa’s hand, trying to stifle his smile that seemed to always creep up when Rick was sweet to him. “Okay, Rick” He sighed. I—I’ll try i-i-it.”

“That’s my brave boy,” Rick crooned, scratching at Morty’s scalp. “Go ahead and lay down and take off your boxers, Mort.”

Morty swallowed hard, shy. “Wait, y-yy-you’re gonna do it?”

“Yeah. But don’t worry, I—I’ll take care of you little buddy.”

Morty was chewing on his lower lip, feet wiggling as Rick set the box of baby wipes on the nightstand and unfolded the diaper. It was light blue in colour, sized right, and had fluffy white cloud decals scattered around on it. It was honestly pretty cute and despite how anxious he was; Morty hesitantly lied down, head in the pillows and then shimmied out of boxers.

Rick had seen him naked before, but the man had never come even close to touching him down there and he was honestly a little scared he’d get a boner or something. That would ruin this for sure.

Once Rick had finished unfolding the diaper, he settled with a knee on the edge of Morty’s bed and chuckled gently at how red the boy was. His grandson was obviously very, very embarrassed and nervous and he patted the boy’s bent knee comfortingly. “Shh, it’s okay buddy, Relax.”

Morty swallowed the lump in his throat and glanced up at Rick, wary, but he smiled shyly and nodded. “O-okay, Rick.”

“Good boy,” Rick hummed as he saw Morty loosen up a little bit and gathered his grandson’s ankles in his left hand. Morty squeaked in distress when he brought the boy’s legs up and forwards so his bottom lifted off the mattress and he shushed him after placing the open diaper flat under him. “Where’s that paci of yours? I know yy-you got one.”

“E-excuse me?” Morty whimpered, peeking up between his hands, which he was using to hide his face.

“Your pacifier. Where is it?” Rick asked.

“Y-you know about that?!” Morty squealed.

“Of course I—I know about it. Yy-you bought it with my card, Morty” Rick chuckled. “And yy-you need it right now ‘cause you—you can’t relax.”

“O-oh jeez! Riiiick!” Morty whined obnoxiously before catching what his grandpa said last. “No I—I don’t!” But Rick only looked down at him skeptically and he pouted. “…i-it’s in the bedside drawer…”

“That’s what I wanted t’hear,” Rick said as he opened the drawer and fished out the basic, yellow pacifier.

Morty tried to take it with his hand but Rick was too fast and popped it in his mouth for him. He had already been humiliated that he had it in the first place, but it was worse now the Rick knew about it. Especially if the man had known about it since the beginning. But the pacifier did its job and was already calming him down like it always did as Rick opened up the baby wipe box and pulled one out.

“This’s gonna be cold, sorry,” Rick warned before he started wiping down Morty’s groin, thorough and methodical. “Shh, it’s alright,” he murmured as his grandson whimpered, covering his face again. “There we go,” he hummed, tossing the wipe in Morty’s little trashcan by the bedside table.

Morty peeked down between his fingers to watch as Rick folded the diaper up over his crotch, made sure it was snug, and taped it up with a high, whiny noise bubbling up and out of him. It all felt strangely cozy though and he quieted down, sucking softly on the pacifier in his mouth and drowning in Rick’s gentle words.

"Thatta boy Morty, yy-you did good,” Rick cooed, patting his grandson’s thigh fondly before taking his knee off the edge of the bed to stand. “I-it’s late though, so time for—for bed.”

Morty nodded, moving his legs to aid Rick with pulling the blanket up over him.

Rick tucked Morty in and turned off the lamp on the bedside table, plunging the room into darkness. “In the morning, y-you can come to me i-if you want me to take care of you again or yy-you can do it yourself, okay?”

“Mmn,” Morty hummed around his pacifier, nodding sleepily.

“Okay. Goodnight sweet boy” Rick whispered, leaning down to give Morty a kiss on his forehead before straightening back up to leave quietly. He looked back once like he always did and smiled at the small form under the blanket and honey brown curls peeking out from under it.

He closed the door with a soft click, headed off to his room and sort of hoped Morty would come to him in the morning instead of doing it himself.