"I want cocoa!" two-year-old Damian yelled in Farsi, hammering his little fists against Bruce's chestplate. 

"What's he saying?" thirteen-year-old Dick asked curiously. 

"That he wants cocoa," the startlingly small Tim said quietly from somewhere around Bruce's hip. He was watching Bruce juggle Damian and the panels; big, ocean blue eyes following his every move. Damian hammered his tiny, chubby fists against his breastplate again, and Bruce had to take a deep, deep breath to keep calm. God, what was he going to do? 

"Alfred?" he said smoothly, pressing the intercom for the kitchen. "Please come down here."

"Right away, Master Bruce," came Alfred's voice, and Bruce grabbed a hold of Jason's too-large t-shirt, the leather jacket left behind in the passenger seat of the batmobile, and tugged him away from the shiny buttons on the panels of the batcomputer.

"Hey!" Jason snapped, swatting after Bruce's hand. 

"Don't touch any of the buttons," Bruce growled back, and Jason glared up at him, crossing his arms angrily. Bruce glared back, because he remembered ten-year-old Jason and his tendencies. When Jason's look waivered, Bruce looked away as well, refocusing on Damian's insistent shouting. 

"You'll get cocoa soon, Damian, okay? I promise," he soothed in Farsi, and Damian's lower lip shot out, trembling slightly. It did tug on his heartstrings, because dammit, he'd never gotten to see this Damian, this small, fiesty little thing that could barely toddle yet, let alone handle a blade.

"Can I hold him?" Dick chirped, and Bruce looked down at him, at scrawny, small, thirteen year old Dick, and saw the sparkle in his dark blue eyes that had practically faded by now.

He looked so happy, happy to be here with Bruce, and that hurt, it really did. At least all of them remembered him, even though there was no chance Tim would actually know who he was by the time he was seven years old. Jason, he'd only been on the streets for about two years, by now, but he still had that haunted, guarded look. Damian on the other hand, he had his mother's nose and lack of patience, and was currently very ungently trying to gain his father's attention. 

"He's cute. What's his name again?"

Dick's voice snapped him out of it, and he was just about to reply when Tim tilted his head and frowned. It was very reminiscent of what he looked like as a teenager, frowning at Damian. 

"Damian," Tim said quietly, staring at the toddler with slight apprehension. One of his small hands was intertwined in Batman's cape, and when he'd been practically swimming in his Red Robin outfit, Bruce had put him into one of the t-shirts he had in the batmobile, plain black. On Tim's small frame, it looked more like a dress. 

"Hi Damian!" Dick cooed, and took the squirming child out of Bruce's arms with ease. Damian stared at Dick with a cute little pout that reminded Bruce very painfully of Talia, and what her natural thinking face looked like, when she wasn't hiding it.

And then Damian grabbed a hold of Dick's cheeks with his small hands and said, very firmly, and in accented English: "Cocoa."

Dick nodded very seriously back. 

"Cocoa," he agreed. "Hey, B, I'm gonna take this little guy upstairs for some hot cocoa."

"Stay," Bruce said firmly, and then counted heads as Dick opened his mouth to protest. Dick, Tim, Damian. Three. "Where's Jason?"

Soundlessly, Tim pointed towards their bikes, that had driven themselves back after... The Incident.

Ten-year-old Jason was touching one of them, his slim fingers following the silvery, armed hubcap. He was skinny, and small, too, and that hurt Bruce. To see small Jason, standing there, looking yearning.

"Jason," Bruce barked, and Jason pulled his hand back quickly, turning around and looking innocent. 

"What, B?" he asked cheerily, in perfect imitation of Dick. Tim giggled quietly, and then nearly disappeared in Bruce's cape with mortification, and Dick frowned as he stared at Jason, gently bouncing Damian up and down to soothe the small child, who was now content to grab a fistful of Dick's hair and hold on.

"Step away from the bike. I don't want it falling on you."

Jason kicked the bike, and it remained standing.

"Looks sturdy t'me," he said under his breath, and glared again towards Bruce. Bruce sighed. 

"Jason, please," he said, and Jason's eyes widened for a second, and then he looked a little shocked. Finally, he looked his age. 

"Oh dear," came Alfred's surprised voice from the stairs, and all of them turned to look at him. His face was a little pale as he stared at all the boys, Jason's huge t-shirt, Tim's dress, Damian wrapped in a spare cape that was in the batmobile. At least Dick was able to fit into Tim's Red Robin pants, and Jason in Damian's Robin pants. 

Had Bruce been a lesser man, he would've said 'dear god, help'. All it took now was for their eyes to meet before Alfred composed himself. 

"It seems we need to find more appropriate clothes for the young masters," he said to Bruce, who sighed. 

"Yeah," he agreed. 

"Alfie!" Dick said happily, dashing over to wrap his arms around the old man's waist. Jason's eyes lit up immediately too, and he took a couple of hesitant steps towards the group before he, more confidently, strode over to Alfred and wrapped his arms around his hips. Alfred's eyebrows rose, but he patted both boys' backs, even giving Damian's baby fuzz a quick stroke with a fond look in his eyes. 

"All of them?" Alfred asked over their heads, and Bruce looked down at Tim, still clutching his cape. Tim looked right back.

"Just the boys. I gave the girls a heads up."

"I'm sure Miss Stephanie wants pictures," Alfred said, arching a greying eyebrow, and Bruce expelled an exasperated breath.

"And Babs," he replied, looking away from Tim in surprise. "Cassandra only laughed, but they will be covering patrol, at least."

"Gotham's safe for the night," Dick chirped as he let go of Alfred. Jason did too, blushing a little at the show of affection.

"Well, lads, come now. I'll make you some hot chocolate," Alfred said, swiftly taking the wriggling Damian from Dick's arms. "Go up the stairs, and I will be with you in a moment. Remember to close the clock!"

"You got it Al!" Dick called. "Race ya upstairs, Jaybird!"

"Don't call me that!" Jason yelled after him as they ran up the stairs together. Bruce began tapping on the keys to the batcomputer again, completely forgetting that Tim was holding his cape when he tried to sweep it to the side. 

"He looks a lot like you did at this age," Alfred remarked, bobbing a little to soothe Damian. "Except the nose."

"He grows into it," he replied flippantly, and Alfred said nothing, just gave Bruce a meaningful look. Instead of meeting his eyes, Bruce looked down at Tim. He was still looking pretty hesitant towards Alfred. Maybe Tim didn't recognize him. "Do you know who this is, Tim?"

"Alfred," Tim said silently, still clutching the cape tightly. Alfred gave Tim a soft look. 

"Would you like to join the other boys up in the kitchen for some cocoa, Master Timothy?" Alfred said, and Damian gurgled happily, chanting 'cocoa, cocoa, cocoa!'. 

"No thank you," Tim replied quietly, and Bruce was reminded of the expression 'hiding in mother's skirts'. 

"Alright. You know where the kitchen is, if you change your mind, Master Timothy," Alfred replied, and when Bruce shot him a wide-eyed look, Alfred took no pity on him, and promptly took the stairs up, Damian's chants echoing through the cave and scaring some of the bats. 

"I was just going to do some... Filing," he said slowly, and that was true, but he wanted to change out of the suit. Tim nodded. "You still want to stay here?" Tim nodded again, and Bruce mentally shrugged. He was a child; it'd only be a minute before he was bored and would want to stroll back up to Alfred and the other children.

Tim trailed after him when he went and found another chair, and kept clutching the cape in his hand when Bruce helped him up into it. They settled down, and Bruce began skimming what he'd had on the villain that did this to them, when Tim kicked his feet in the air a little.

"We're not really this old, are we?" he said suddenly, and Bruce looked down at him, slightly surprised. Tim was only seven, his brain was barely even developed enough to draw these sort of conclusions. "You don't have any clothes our sizes and Alfred was surprised when he saw us."

"You're right, Tim. Bad people tried to hurt us by making you all younger. You're much easier to harm now," he replied, turning his chair and leaning forward a little so that he was looking at Tim.

"How much younger are we?" he nearly whispered, and now that Bruce tried to make eye contact with him, Tim's eyes flitted down to the Batsymbol on his chest. 

"Nine years. You're really sixteen, Jason nineteen, and Dick twenty-two. Damian's eleven." Tim nodded. 

"Bad people like the ones we fight made us small to hurt us?" he asked, reaching a thin finger out and tracing the symbol on Bruce's chest. 

"Exactly. When you're older, you're much more threatening. Older you is Red Robin. But, you used to be Robin." Tim's eyes went even wider, however that was possible. 

"I was Robin?" he whispered, an awed look on his face. 

"You were," Bruce admitted, and he remembered those times, being trapped in grief from losing Jason, and Tim's insistence. Batman needs a Robin, he'd said, butting into Bruce's life and making it better. He was small and clever and sharp, and just what Bruce needed to get back on his feet. "You sure you don't want to go up and get some hot cocoa with the others?"

Tim shook his head, and finally dropped the piece of cape he'd taken a shine to. Bruce took the opportunity to stand up, and Tim quickly mimicked him, hopping off his chair too.

"Okay. We could probably find you something that you won't drown in, down here."

In the lockers by the showers, Bruce managed to find one of Tim's Superboy t-shirts, which was just as big, if not bigger, than the other one, but Tim traced the S reverently and wouldn't take it off once it was on him, so Bruce let him be. Besides, he found some of Damian's sweatpants that Dick had tried to wash, which had lead to their shrinkage. He still had to roll the legs up quite a bit for them to fit Tim's small frame. His eleven-year-old was pretty sturdy in comparison to Tim.

Leaving Tim to root through his own locker, Bruce took a quick shower, and peeled out of the suit, putting on some sweatpants and a t-shirt. He could've sat in it, but he was pretty sure he wasn't going back out tonight, not with all the children running around here. Besides, the suit was stiff and unforgiving, which was great for sitting still for hours, watching, waiting, but now that he didn't have to, he decided not to. 

Tim, however, seemed sad to see the cape go, and couldn't be coaxed to let go of his pantleg. Once Bruce sat back down, he decided to just put Tim in his lap for now. He could still write around him, and Tim seemed eager to just listen to Bruce's thought process.

"So it was magic that did this to us," Tim stated silently after only a few minutes, kicking his legs a little against the seat, a sweet, concentrated frown on his face.

"It was. Good job, Tim," Bruce praised, because that's where he'd gone wrong last time, wasn't it. Not giving them enough praise. Tim's head spun around so fast he might have snapped his neck at those words. His big, blue eyes were wider than saucers.

"Really?" he asked, and there was a little strength in it this time, like he couldn't believe an adult was praising him, and this was Tim before his Batman obsession, this was Tim when all he wanted was his parents' love and attention. Before he'd learnt that it didn't matter to his parents how quiet or how loud he was. They were never home anyway. 

"Yes," Bruce said, swallowing a little thickly as a blush rose on Tim's cheeks. "You found out I was Batman just by watching me move. It was impressive." However annoying. Tim's blush deepened. 

"How can we go back to normal?" he asked quickly, and Bruce was a little relieved that Tim wanted to stop talking about this as much as he did. 

After half an hour of reading, there was a ping, and a message from Stephanie popped up in the corner. 

Heads up, Blue's in town.

Bruce sighed, but if Clark was flying in, he wouldn't be listening to him. He'd just have to wait until he got here to yell at him for entering Gotham without his permission.

They sat there for maybe another half hour, Tim's reading speedy for someone his age, when the entrance alarm beeped. Bruce swept his eyes over towards the screen, and exhaled tiredly, rubbing the bridge of his nose. Not what he needed right now.

"Who's that?" Tim asked curiously, as he tried to get a good look at the blue blob coming towards them, zooming through the cave systems into the actual cave. 

"Superman," Bruce said tiredly, helping Tim hop off his lap before standing up. Tim quickly hid right behind his legs, grabbing a hold of the fabric just before Clark came out from the entrance to the surface, smiling brightly. 

"Hi," he beamed, because that's what the huge dork did, he beamed all over the place, as if the sunrays stayed underneath his skin just so he could reflect them into all of Bruce's dark corners. 

"Hi," Bruce replied in a monotone as Clark dropped down on the ground, still smiling. "Look, Clark, this isn't the time-"

"You're in really early. You're not hurt, are you?" Clark asked worriedly, and Bruce restrained himself from rolling his eyes.

"No. I'm fine, and I sure as hell didn't give you permission to enter Gotham tonight, now did I?" he said, and felt Tim move behind him. Just before he could stop him, he peeked out from behind his legs, and Bruce closed his eyes and sighed in resignation. Nothing was going quite right tonight.

Obviously, Clark had seen Tim, and his brightly blue eyes widened.

"Oh god. Is that..." Clark said, his jaw slack. Bruce crossed his arms over his chest, resigning himself to dealing with Clark's nosyness.

"Tim, want to say hi?" he asked coaxingly, looking down at his pantleg, where Tim was still hiding. Tim stayed silent. 

"Is it just Tim or..."

"All the boys. Magic. Now, get out of Gotham."

"All of them?" Clark exclaimed. "Christ. All four? How old are they?" Bruce glared, and Clark rolled his eyes. "Oh, come on, Bruce. Be a little civil. You don't have to deal with all four of them on your own."

"I have-"

"-I know Alfred's here," Clark interrupted. "I know, but there are four of them, and two of you. And despite you being the world's greatest detective, you can't handle all of them at once. Especially not this young."

"Why wouldn't I be able to?" Bruce asked coldly, and Clark frowned, and then crouched down to Tim's level. 

"Hi Tim," he said softly, smiling invitingly. "I'm Clark. Nice to meet you." He held out a big hand, and Tim stared at him for a few seconds before snaking out a hand and gently gripping two of Clark's fingers. "You saw that I can fly, right? Want to take a little ride?"

"Can I?" Tim asked breathily, and Clark chuckled. 

"Of course, kiddo! C'mon," he said, and Tim appeared from behind Bruce's legs as Clark lay down horizontally in the air, to Tim's great amusement. Then, Tim was helped aboard Clark's washboard abs and zoomed around the cave like Clark was a flying carpet. 

By the end of their little five minute tour, scaring the bats, Tim was laughing a giggly, red cheeked sort of laugh. When Clark set him down, Tim grabbed a hold of his cape, instead, smiling goofily up at Clark, who smiled right back. 

Bruce wasn't jealous. Tim was a child, at that point in his development, he probably had a new favorite person once every hour. 

"Tim is dating your clone, of course he's going to like you," Bruce muttered, but Clark just grinned. 

"Hey, wanna sit on my shoulders?" he asked Tim, who nodded vehemently, and was lifted onto Superman's shoulders. "Let's go upstairs, we'll ask Alfred to get us some hot chocolate, meet the other boys."

"Clark," Bruce said sharply, and Clark stopped on his way towards the stairs, hovering about half a foot off the ground, Tim delightedly clutching his hair. He blinked. 

"Yeah?" Pointedly, Bruce looked down at the symbol on his chest, and Clark followed his gaze. "Oh. Right." He smiled sheepishly, and was just about to spin out of it when Bruce made a sharp noise. 

"Tim," he reminded him, and Clark gave him another sweet, sheepish smile as Bruce bared his teeth. 

"Sorry, Timmy, gonna have to put you down again, just for a quick second."

"Why?" Tim whined as Clark put him back down on the cave floor and took a little step back.

"We don't want your dad getting mad if I accidentally toss you off or make you puke when I spin at Mach 4," Clark laughed. Tim looked confused. 

"That's not my dad. That's Broose." Tim looked up at Bruce as though Clark was a crazy person, and Bruce chuckled lowly at Clark's baffled look. 

"You're right, chum," he agreed, making a 'spin' motion with his hand at Clark. "I'm Bruce. You follow Clark upstairs, and I'll be right with you. I just need to contact someone."

"To get us back to normal?" Tim asked quietly as Clark twirled into a flannel and jeans, thick-rimmed glasses perched on his nose, dulling the bright, bright blue of his eyes. "I wanna help."

"You can help by getting Clark out of my sight. Okay?" he said very seriously, and Tim nodded gravely back, grabbing Clark's hand and leading him up the stairs. 

