He didn’t have a name, the blond twitchy boy. Nor a shirt on his back or shoes upon his feet. His skin was peach, but drained of life. His eyes big, but sunken. He wore his exhaustion without shame and walked with little to no purpose. Each time he twitched, the chains at his wrists rattled, and the trail of slaves would grumble. The guards enjoyed poking and prodding the new meat and the blond had been their favorite. Tweek is what they called him, so Tweek had been his name.

Tweek looked up briefly, the sun far too hot for his liking. He feared the hot ball would swallow him whole, then remembered that such a death would be ideal. Soon he would be bought and his new masters would hate him. They would certainly torture him for play or kill him out right. He was garbage, after all.

The streets of the South Kingdom were dirty under the boy’s feet. He thought about the germs creeping in between his toes and sneaking under his nails. He grimaced at the thought of tiny creatures living within him. The guards then poked at his sides suddenly. The hilt of their swords were cold against Tweek’s burning skin. He hated being touched, but the cool metal felt soothing. He twitched, this time on purpose, and they poked at him again. He almost smiled, but one of the guards jabbed him hard. They laughed when he nearly doubled over and, for a moment, his twitching stopped. He thought about breaking his chains and hurting them. But his body twitched again and the thought left him.

The group was led into the open market area, where they were brought upon a wooden stage and auctioned off. Tweek looked forward and stared at nothing in particular as his body twitched every few seconds. No one wished to buy a slave that could spill their drink or graze their face while shaving. Tweek didn’t expect to be bought. He expected to spend the rest of his life at auctions. And walking. Oh, how there would be so much walking. His feet stung at the thought and he frowned. Then, there was a call out. The crowd parted with gasps and dropped to their knees. A group of knights surrounded a husky set man with thinning scarlet hair. He looked the slaves over with little interest before setting his eyes upon Tweek. Tweek twitched, but he hardly noticed. The man was fixated on the collar around the blond’s throat. Tweek reached up to grab at his hair nervously, but was stopped by the chains. He winced, still trying however.

“That one.” The king said firmly.

The guards who brought Tweek to the stage looked confused.

“My lord, if I may?” One started to say and didn’t speak again until the man nodded his crowned head, “This one is quite skinny. Manual labor would be ill advised. And the twitching…he would drop everything you had him carry.” He pointed out.

The king was quiet a moment longer. Then, he simply turned away. “That. One.” He demanded as he left. The knights about him glared and the guards all folded quickly.

“Y-yes mi lord.”

Tweek blinked a few times as he was unlocked. His chains disconnected from the line, but remained at his own wrists. He was pushed off stage and fell harshly against the dirt below. Laughter erupted when Tweek cried out. They laughed at his pain, but his outburst had been from shock. As if it had mattered, Tweek thought grimly as he forced himself back onto his feet.

“Hurry along,” A knight called, “What is your name?”

“Tweek.” The blond replied with a twitch.

The knight looked puzzled, but gestured for him to follow.

“Hurry along, Tweek.” He said with no malice in his voice, but authority all the same. Tweek obeyed and hurried after the knightly group, peeking up at the knight who had called to him. He had not been a man, like the other knights, but a boy. An adolescent. Tweek could see sympathetic blue eyes behind his helmet and black rigid hair when he looked harder.

“Sir Stanley.” The king called and the knight looked up.

“Yes, my lord?” He replied almost instantly.

“I need advisement from a scholar. Do you think Broflov is up to the task?”

The knight had to stifle a smile, “I do believe so.” He said, nodding with his words. The king looked pleased, but said nothing.

Tweek felt uneasy. He wondered if the scholar was needed for him and, if so, then why? His mind raced with possibilities. All of which had been over the top and ghastly. As they walked, Tweek’s hands twitched. He knew it had been wrong, but he reached for a coffee bean when they passed an open bag. The woman selling the beans hadn’t noticed and neither did the knights or the king. Tweek shook more, rattling his chains. The knights glanced back at him from time to time, making his task difficult. As the gates were opened, however, the knights had been distracted. Tweek popped the coffee bean into his mouth and savored the taste.

The castle was made of old stone, Tweek noted, with crows nesting within the maws of its many statues. Once inside, Tweek gaped at the intricate arches that seemed to glow with all the natural light. Maidens and servants walked about, their eyes forever forward or down or upon their task. Tweek frowned when he thought about himself doing daily tasks. It had been better than death, though death was a constant threat for someone such as Tweek. He twitched nervously when they began walking through the lavish halls and into a large throne room. The knights left and took to designated positions as Stanley left the room completely. Tweek felt the knot inside his stomach twist and churn. The king barely looked at him as he walked over to his large chair and sat down. He beckoned for Tweek to come closer. His body shook, but he obeyed.

“Bow.” The king demanded.

“Nngh!” Tweek tried to suppress as he did.

“I hear your name is Tweek. What an odd name.” The man went on to say as he waved a servant over. The servant handed her king a grail and poured wine into it. Tweek let the coffee bean in his mouth bounce from cheek to cheek as he tried to calm himself down. He watched the king take a long sip of his wine before opening his mouth to speak again.

“Father.” A monotone voice called, swinging the doors to the throne room open. The force alone caused Tweek to cry out. He spun around and flinched when he saw the boy who had spoken. Young, like Tweek had been: at least fifteen or sixteen summers. It was strange that such a deep voice came from someone so young. The prince raised an eyebrow as he looked at Tweek and Tweek felt uncomfortable.

“I heard you went into town. You bought another slave?” He asked, sounding almost bored. His eyes, however, never left Tweek. Tweek twitched about nervously, chewing on the coffee bean within his mouth, though masking it to look as if he had been chewing on the inside of his cheek.

“This one seems defective.” The young prince said flatly.

Tweek grunted, but said nothing.

The king laughed, “I care little for the slave. Look at his neck.” His father pointed out and the prince stepped closer. Tweek flinched as the prince looked at his collar and twitched more violently the longer his dark blue eyes studied the metal.

“Oh.” Was all he said, taking a step back.

Mint lingered in the air around Tweek. He thought it might have been from the prince, but pushed the thought away. Looking at the prince made Tweek’s chest tighten. Aside from his puffy crown, the prince wore a humble blue tunic with gold trimming. He was tall and somewhat muscular. Tweek liked his raven black hair, it seemed to match the tone of his voice. Then, the prince caught his gaze and frowned. Tweek nearly flinched, but twitched instead.

“My lord.” A voice was heard from the door way, “I hear I have been summoned. What may I help you with this day?”

Tweek was grateful to have someone new to look at. It had been another boy. His eyes were green like Tweek’s, but brighter. Freckles decorated the boy’s face as curly red hair fell from his scholar’s cap. The knight known as Stanley stood behind the scholar, his arms folded behind his back.

“Broflov, yes. Come here. Look at this.” The king said, waving him over before pointing to Tweek. Tweek grabbed his forearms and began clawing without realizing it. The prince watched from his peripheral, folding his arms over his chest as he did. The scholar blinked, turning to Tweek. He flashed the slave a warm smile as he stepped closer to him. Tweek wanted to scream, but he simply continued to twitch instead.

“Ah. I see.” Broflov said as he examined the collar.

“Can you take if off?” The king asked and the scholar frowned.

“No, my lord. There seems to be no opening or closing. No latch. It’s almost as if…it had been made around the boy...” He noted, frowning deeper.

“Will you study it further?” The king asked. Though, it had been a demand.

“Of course.” The scholar replied regretfully.

“Sir Stanley.” Was all the king had to say.

“G-gah!” Tweek cried out as the knight removed his sword from its sheath. He took a step back and screamed again as Stanley took a step toward him. He did not look happy about his current task, but was willing to carry it out all the same.

“Lower your head.” Stanley said, “I’ll make it quick.” He assured.

Tweek’s twitching stopped as he grabbed at the collar around his neck. There was a moment, where the air in the room fell cold. Tweek’s eyes had been closed, but he felt a presence move in front of him. His eyes shot open to find the prince in between him and the knight. Sir Stanley looked surprised, lowering his sword right away.

The prince glared, eyes burrowing into the knight before him.

“Craigston! What is the meaning of this?” His father snapped.

 “I want him.”