sleight of hand, change of fate

~*~

Gothel held the bundle close to her chest, pulling her hood around her face as she ran.

Her boots were almost silent on the soft grass, dark cape fluttering behind her like a shadow. She was fairly certain she’d lost her pursuers over a half-hour ago, but she hadn’t lasted this long without being cautious. The sooner she got home, the better. And besides, if she hadn’t lost them yet, she was bound to soon. The forest was harder to navigate at night, especially if you didn’t know your way.

The baby in her arm, swaddled in a length of fabric, was crying, and had been doing so for over two hours now. Gothel muffled the noise as best she could, tucking him into the curve of her shoulder. But she couldn’t focus entirely on quieting the child at the moment, even if he’d been the reason they’d caught up with her in the first place.

The sound grated on her, but her annoyance was kept in check by the adrenaline. She hadn’t had this much excitement in years. He’d been a very hard baby to track down, even harder to get to and steal away, and she was determined not to let her efforts be wasted. She had to focus on the task at hand.

Digging her heels into the earth, Gothel took a sharp turn and whisked into the hidden alcove that only she knew existed. She reached the tower in a matter of seconds and leaned against it, catching her breath. As she recovered, her gaze rested on the cave entrance, searching for any sign that she’d been followed, one hand creeping towards the dagger slung in her belt.

The more minutes that stretched by, the more confident Gothel was that she’d made it to safety. Ten passed before she was absolutely certain of it. Satisfaction curled in her chest; she hadn’t lost her touch.

Now if only the baby would stop his damn crying.

Resolving to dealing with it inside, Gothel circled to the back end of the tower. The door was an unfortunate necessity. She kept it locked, of course, but she’d prefer a less obvious entrance. There was no telling who might stumble upon it in the future- she’d have to figure out another method eventually.

But that was a worry for another day. In the meantime, Gothel dug her heavy iron key from her satchel and pushed it into the lock. With a creak, the door swung open, admitting them to the pitch-blackness of the tower.

Gothel made her way up the winding stone stairs by memory alone, one hand cradling the baby and the other trailing the wall for stability. As she pushed through the trapdoor leading into the main floor, the baby let out a particularly sharp wail, squirming in her grip.

“Quiet, you little beast,” she murmured, bouncing her arm in an attempt to soothe the child before lifting her voice slightly. “Rapunzel, I’m home!”

There was a rush of footsteps, and Rapunzel appeared in the doorway to her bedroom. “Mother! You’re back!” the four-year-old said happily.

At the sound of a new voice, the baby’s cries faded. He turned his head to look at Rapunzel with round eyes, an almost unnaturally bright shade of blue- a reminder for Gothel of the hidden power within the child, the reason she’d gone through all this trouble in the first place.

Rapunzel made her way down the rest of the stairs, and Gothel let out a breath of relief. It had been a risk to leave Rapunzel alone for so long at this age, and a part of Gothel had feared she’d return to find the tower empty.

But it seemed that everything worked out; her hunch had been right, and now she had both of them. Of course, she wasn’t thrilled to do the baby-raising thing all over again, but it would be well worth it, just like with Rapunzel.

At the sight of the bundle in Gothel’s arms, Rapunzel tilted her head, her floor-length hair falling over her shoulder. “What’s that?” she asked.

“A baby, dear,” Gothel said mildly. “He’s going to be your little brother.”

“Really?” Rapunzel studied him with interest. Of course, she’d never seen a baby before; she knew of them only from storybooks Gothel read to her at night.

With a quiet sigh, the baby yawned. Rapunzel gasped and pointed. “He doesn’t have any teeth!” she exclaimed in alarm.

Gothel allowed a small smile. “That’s normal for babies, dear, he won’t get his for a little while longer. Now, how about you go fetch your hairbrush?”

“Yes, Mother!” Rapunzel chirped, thumping back up the stairs.

Switching the baby’s weight to one arm, Gothel pulled her chair out from the table and sank into it. The past three days had taken their toll on her. She felt the weight of every muscle in her body, the pull of every wrinkle on her face. That was the side effect of the sun’s power when used excessively; while it kept her young, it caused her to age more rapidly when she went without it. A withdrawal, of sorts.

At least the baby had finally quieted. Gothel didn’t think she could take a migraine on top of everything else. For the moment, he seemed content to rest, one small fist curled up by his cheek as he dozed. His dark hair fell over his eyes in haphazard strands from where that damned Brotherhood member had cut it.

That had been a harrowing experience, finding them like that- for a moment, Gothel had thought his power had been lost, and her travels had been in vain. But the song had still done its work, taking care of that bothersome fool quite nicely.

For the baby’s little fingers had been curled around the man’s thumb, in that innocent way babies do, and Gothel had discovered the moon’s power wasn’t held in his hair, like Rapunzel’s, but in his hands.

It would be a little harder to control, but at least she’d be able to keep his hair short. If both of them grew it out, soon enough Gothel wouldn’t be able to move for hair. And she didn’t even want to think about how the two of them might have gotten tangled together…

Rapunzel’s voice brought Gothel out of her musings. “Here it is, Mother!” She promptly sat at the base of the chair and held up the brush in one hand, and gathering up her hair in the other.

“Thank you, dear.” Gothel adjusted the baby so he was resting in the crook of her arm, freeing up her hand to take the offered hair. With the brush in her other hand, she started to pull it through the golden locks in a familiar, practiced movement.

Unprompted, Rapunzel closed her eyes and began to sing softly. Words she’d recognized since before she’d learned to talk came to her as naturally as breathing. The glow spread lazily through her hair, and Gothel inhaled deeply as she felt the magic coursing through her veins. Fatigue vanished from her body like it had never existed, her hair losing its grey roots and her skin growing soft once again.

As Rapunzel continued to sing, Gothel watched the baby out of the corner of her eye. The incantation didn’t seem to have any effect on his powers- good. That would simplify things.

When the song was done, Gothel let out a contented sigh. “Very good, Rapunzel. Now off to bed with you, and tomorrow I’ll tell you all about my trip into town.” Once she’d made something up, of course.

“Okay, Mother.” Rapunzel took the brush back and dutifully stood to go. “Night, I love you!”

Gothel ran a tender hand through Rapunzel’s hair. “I love you most.”

Rapunzel vanished into her bedroom, and the tower was silent. Gothel glanced down at the sleeping baby, brows knitted in thought. She’d have to construct him his own room, for when he was older, but for now she could make do.

She stood carefully, so as not to wake the baby, and cursed her lack of foresight. If only she hadn’t gotten rid of Rapunzel’s crib; she hadn’t thought she’d need it again. Moving around the room quietly, she emptied a milk crate, fished a spare blanket out of her closet, and folded it inside.

There, a crib.

Gothel lowered the baby into the makeshift-crib, relieved when he didn’t wake and start crying again. Instead, he merely turned over and pulled his swaddling closer to his chin.

He was a rather cute baby, Gothel supposed, despite that odd stripe of blue in his hair. There was a splash of freckles across his button nose, quite like Rapunzel’s, and he had long, dark lashes that would frame those blue eyes nicely. She regretted that he’d been a boy; boys were loud, messy, and stubborn. Difficult to care for. She’d have to work at ensuring he’d be as well-behaved as Rapunzel was.

But whatever troubles laid ahead, Gothel was sure she could handle it. The hard part was over now; all that was left to do was reap the fruits of her labor. She might not yet know exactly how it would all come to pass- the universe worked in mysterious ways, and the why’s and how’s were often harder to discern than the what’s or the where’s- but that didn’t matter.

A ray of moonlight shone through the gap in the curtains, falling across the baby’s face, and Gothel smiled.

Everything was as it should be.