It’s been three months now and they haven’t really talked.

Not that they’ve had many opportunities. Sure, Adora tried at first, but there wasn’t much of a point to it — no amount of apologies or platitudes really amounted to anything, not when she was gone, having abandoned Catra to the lonely halls of Horde Academy for the glimmering expanses of Bright Moon Prep at the first opportunity.

Hard to blame her, really. Full ride on a softball scholarship, brand new friends. No more Vice Principal Weaver riding her ass, no more mind-numbing hours of detention at Catra’s side, no more getting caught up in Catra’s pointless fights.

It only took two weeks of dodging Adora’s calls, of slipping out the window when she showed up at the dorms, of turning around and walking away when she ran into her lurking around all their old off-campus haunts before Adora got the message and stopped trying. Which is fine. A little earlier than Catra really expected from the girl that promised they’d look out for each other forever, but not surprising.

So Adora got a better offer. She moved on. It was bound to happen eventually, and thinking otherwise, even for a minute, had been stupid.

Bright Moon’s all the way across town, which makes it seem like it’d be easier to avoid her, but Catra’s seen her around more than she’d like. At the mall, carefree and laughing, flanked by two (or more) of her new preppy friends; in the park chasing after a frisbee and tripping all over herself, grinning so wide and so bright it’s hard to look at, like staring right into the sun; tucked into the corner booth at the cafe on Main next to that one girl, the one with soft looking purple hair and those short shorts, the one that’s always making her smile that soft, rare smile Catra never expected to see directed at anyone else.

She wears her hair down these days, mostly. It’s lighter - sun bleached, from a summer spent outdoors with these new friends, instead of crammed into whatever dark, air-conditioned place Adora and Catra could hole up in to avoid Weaver and the endless list of chores and extra-curriculars she manifested every break to keep them out of trouble.

She looks good, though Catra would never say it to her. Like a new person, almost; less severe without the ponytail, more approachable. It’s no wonder at all she’s got so many friends now.

Not that Catra’s alone, not anymore. There’s Scorpia and Entrapta across the hall, whose steady presences on campus range from convenient to actually welcome, depending on the day. There’s Lonnie and Kyle, whenever Catra can stomach that much extra company. There’s Octavia, when she needs to pick a fight and blow off some steam.

Catra’s doing fine. Better than fine. She’s hit a new personal record for skipped classes, but her grades are holding anyway. As measure of success go, maybe that’s a little sad, but it’s still something. Not everyone can be sports superstars with big yearbook spreads and write-ups in the school paper and crowds of simpering fans.

It’s not that she misses Adora or anything. It’s not even that she goes looking for her. The truth is, she totally forgot it was a game day when she ends up walking past the field at Bright Moon. She didn’t even mean to end up on this side of town, she’d just zoned out walking, desperate to get away from the Academy for a while. So when the cheer goes up and calls her attention and she catches a glimpse of Adora in that ridiculous white and gold softball uniform, it catches her off guard. Piques her curiosity.

Curiosity is all it is that has Catra hurling her backpack over the chainlink fence and scrambling after it herself, slinking through the lush green field to rest in the shade of the bleachers next the diamond. She sticks around through the rest of the game to kill time, cross legged in the shadows, half-heartedly finishing off some long-overdue homework through the more boring parts.

Adora plays well, she always does. She was always the Academy’s ringer, the batter they’d always counted on to turn things around when the rest of the team’s firmly mediocre efforts just couldn’t cut it. It’s no wonder they’ve lost nearly every game since she’d been poached. She’s earning that swanky new room and board with a kind of gleeful efficiency, knocking ball after ball way into the outfield and rounding the bases with an ease that would seem almost malicious from anyone else.

Funny how these things always seemed endless when Catra attended before. This one seems to fly by, and it’s only the triumphant cheers and stomping from the bleachers overhead that alert her to the fact that it’s over. When she looks up, she watches the Bright Moon players rush out of dugout, sweeping into the field to lift Adora up onto their shoulders like the players in some cheesy sports flick.

It makes something in Catra’s stomach twist sickly and she scrambles to her feet a moment later, hastily shoving her scattered books back into her bag. She doesn’t mean to glance back over her shoulder as she slips out from under the bleachers, but of course the moment she does is the same moment Adora finally looks over.

She feels herself go hot all over when their eyes meet, anger and embarrassment and something else that aches without a name all swimming up inside of her in a moment. She’s got to be blushing. Adora looks stunned and then hopeful and Catra tears herself away before she has to watch Adora get distracted again, turn away, forget she’s there.

It doesn’t feel good to leave, but it feels better than it did to be left.

X.x.x

It’s two nights after the softball game when it happens.

It starts with Catra’s phone, ringing out twice, the contact flashing ‘DON’T ANSWER’ across the screen as it vibrates on her nightstand. She thinks about turning it off, resolves to if it rings a third time, but it doesn’t.

It’s fifteen minutes later that she hears the scrabbling, once familiar, outside her bedroom window. She tenses under the sheets, on edge, knowing already that it’s got to be Adora but unable to help herself from conjuring a half dozen other, somehow worse scenarios involving killers with hook hands and half-starved vampires, and she’s really got to stop watching horror movies with Entrapta so late at night.

But then the window slides open and Adora slips into the room, stumbling against the dresser in a way she never had before.

Catra’s moved things around since then.

She had to, after Adora left. The room for two was just way too big and empty and sad without her.

“Oops,” Adora says quietly when the lamp she’d tried to stop from falling tumbles out of her hands and thuds into the carpet.

“What are you doing here?” Catra hisses, furious that she can’t lay into Adora at full volume.

Weaver would have her head for sneaking someone into the dorms. It wouldn’t even matter that Adora showed up uninvited. No one ever believes Catra anyway.

Slowly, too carefully, Adora rights the fallen lamp and slides the window soundlessly shut. She glances across the room, to the empty space where her bed used to be, mouth turning down into a deep frown at its absence. Catra feels a hot surge of petty satisfaction at Adora’s dismay, then an unwelcome twinge of reflexive guilt when she swallows hard, looking suddenly smaller and less sure in the faint moonlight than Catra’s ever seen her in this room.

“Adora,” Catra prompts, burying her remorse under a fresh wave of annoyance.

“Hi,” Adora says, finally, turning around to face Catra in her bed. She’s wearing her Bright Moon letterman over a white tee and jeans. It looks so out of place, so wrong here in their room, that Catra immediately hates it. Wants to tell her to take it off, but she can’t push the words out past her lips, pressed down into a hard line to stop them from trembling. “I mean, hey.”

“What are you doing here?” Catra repeats, shakier than she meant to be. She clears her throat and glares, hoping it’s harsh enough to make up for the unsteadiness of her voice.

“I just, uh, do you mind if I-?” Adora points at the foot of the bed, moves to sit but Catra’s faster, always has been, kicks out at Adora’s backside as she starts to lower it down, sends her stumbling almost to the floor. “Okay, nevermind.”

“Get out of here,” Catra orders, casting an anxious glance at her door.

“I’d really rather stay,” Adora mumbles, crossing her arms like she’s going to make a stand, but still scuffing her feet around in the carpet in that nervous way that’s always told Catra when she’s allowed to push her luck.

“Oh, so now you want to stay,” Catra says and regrets it immediately because instead of being all cutting and distant like she wanted, it just seems vulnerable, bitter.

“Catra,” Adora says, voice all soft and Catra just hates it.

“Shut up,” Catra glowers, before she can start in on the useless apologies again. The constant litanies of I’m Sorrys and This Doesn’t Have To Change Anythings only ever left her feeling smaller and more pathetic. Fragile and in need of coddling, like Adora really thought she was stupid enough to fall for those weak lines anyway. Like it changed anything about Adora just leaving her here. “Go home, Adora.”

“I thought,” Adora swallows, hands clenching around empty air at her sides. She clears her throat and tries again, “I thought, when I saw you at my game the other day—”

Catra feels her cheeks flush red all over again. Stupid, stupid, stupid. She never should have let herself onto the field that afternoon. She never should have stayed.

She never thought these things through and she always, always paid for it.

“It didn’t mean anything,” she blurts, wincing at how defensive and hollow the protest sounds even to her.

Mercifully, Adora doesn’t call her out, just keeps going like she never spoke at all. “I thought maybe it meant that you might want to see me again.”

“Well, it didn’t,” Catra says, voice quiet but hard enough for Adora to flinch. It makes the space under Catra’s ribs feel tight and achey. She tells herself it’s a good feeling. “I was just bored. Curious. Wanted to see what the fuss was all about, what you really left for.”

Adora flinches at that and Catra preens a little at the victory. She shuffles awkwardly in place and Catra thinks for a moment that this is it, Adora’s going to take the hint, she’ll slip back out the window and leave Catra all alone again. She tries to convince herself the sudden hollowness echoing through her chest is relief.

“It’s still weird, sleeping alone, isn’t it?” Adora says after a long minute of silence, glancing around the empty room again, chewing her lip.

Don’t, Catra tries to say, but the words stick in her throat. She can feel herself shaking, so angry and so lonely and too weak to do anything about it. She swallows and swallows and swallows and Adora keeps talking in the silence.

“I really, really miss you.”

Her eyes are hot and they hurt and Catra lays herself back down, presses her face into the pillow, tries to ignore how it’s suddenly damp against her skin.

“Can’t I just…?”

She keeps her face tucked firmly away, but hears it when Adora lowers herself to the floor. She can hear the rustling of fabric, the soft sounds of a body moving against the carpet. It’s a hard floor, Catra knows it’s not comfortable. Part of her, something desperate and utterly contemptible, wants to roll over, to scoot up against the wall like they used to do and pull up the sheet and beckon Adora into the bed next to her, to curl up into Adora’s side and breathe in her smell, fresh cut grass and sweat and melon body spray.

She counts her breaths and doesn’t move instead.

“I’m in a single too. For weeks and weeks I barely slept at all. I missed the sound of you breathing at night,” Adora whispers after a hushed eternity, because of course it would have been an inconceivable mercy for her to just be quiet.

Why did you leave, then? Why won’t you come back? How was it so easy for you? What could I have done to have been good enough to keep you here? Catra wants to ask.

“One of my friends over there, well, they noticed I guess and they asked me about it and they got me this app. So, now I put on, um, box fan sounds when I go to sleep. They’ve got so many options. Did you know a box fan sounds way different than a ceiling fan? They even have canned air conditioner noises. Not that I need those, I’ve got the real thing. But if I didn’t, I might, I mean, the silence is just— but, I guess background sounds help a lot of people and—”

Catra breathes out hard into her pillow, hot breath warming her face as she rolls it to the side just enough to plead, “Adora, shut up.”

Miraculously, she does.

Catra waits and listens, tries to lie as still and quiet as she can, like she had when she was a little girl, freshly awake from a nightmare and convinced that one false move would summon the monsters of her dreams into reality. It takes long endless minutes, maybe hours, before she hears Adoras breath even out into the rhythm of sleep and she lets herself ache at the sound of it because she’d missed it too.

She sits up in bed and lets herself look over, finally.

Adora on the floor looks so out of place, jacket shrugged off and balled up under her head like a pillow. It must be cold, from the way she’s curled into herself, looking nearly as small and lonely as Catra feels.

For one brief, stupid second she thinks about sliding down off the bed, pulling her blankets down with her and curling up at Adora’s side. As if another night spent next to Catra could make her give up her cushy new life, all those shiny new opportunities and shiny new friends. Like one night on the floor could somehow draw her back when years of Catra’s unflinching devotion hadn’t been enough to keep her in the first place.

It’s bitter and it hurts all over again to think about, but the sting isn’t enough to keep Catra in bed. Soundlessly, she rises, shuffling carefully across the room, far enough to gently drape a blanket over Adora’s body before clambering back into her own bed.

She pretends not to hear the telltale hitch in Adora’s breath that gives her away.

She pretends not to hear when, hours later, as the first pale fingers of dawn slip through the slats of her blinds, Adora draws herself up off the floor and lays the folded blanket at Catra’s feet, slipping back out the window without a word.

X.x.x

In the end, she just gets sick of the skittish bullshit, feeling so cowardly, so on-the-run. Holed up and pathetic in her room, picking her way across town like some nerd trying to hold onto her lunch money. It’s not who she is, not at all.

Catra doesn’t get shaken down, Catra gives the shake downs.

So when Entrapta shows them the email she got, inviting her to the Bright Moon Prep homecoming dance, it feels like the perfect opportunity.

“The invitation won’t even get us in,” Entrapta frowns down at the screen of her phone. “They just forgot to take me off the mailing list when I transferred, but they’ll check student records when we get there.”

“So we crash,” Catra says easily, feeling a familiar thrum of delicious excitement pooling under her skin. “Show those Bright Moon losers how to really party, Horde Style.”

Scorpia doesn’t need any convincing and Entrapta agrees readily enough after. Catra spends the better part of the next week putting out her feelers, until something of a small mob is rallied to join her at the dance. It’s not hard to rile up some willing trouble makers, not when the rivalry between their two schools is as old and intense as it is. The only tricky part is making sure they’re all discreet enough not to tip off the faculty. If Weaver, or worse, Principal Hordak, found out, Catra would be stuck on janitorial detail for the rest of the semester.

But it all goes surprisingly smoothly, and when the night finally comes, Catra feels good.

She hasn’t seen Adora at all since that night she slept on the floor, but it hardly seems to matter, slipping in through some unattended back door to Bright Moon, letting Entrapta lead them down the halls toward the gym.

She catches a glimpse of herself in the mirrored back of a trophy case, artfully rumpled in her suit, with Scorpia on her arm and notes that she looks cool and untouchable and feels a surge of confidence she hadn’t known she was missing for the past three months.

The ambience in the gym is intense, a little overwhelming. Lights all flashing different colors in time with the music, every surface of the walls plastered with professional looking decorations, transforming an admittedly huge and already swanky high school gymnasium into an ethereal, otherworldly feeling forest landscape. Catra doesn’t even bother to contain her sneer as she glances around, thinking of all the generous donations from rich parents that must have paid for all the glitz and glamor.

She spots Adora before Adora sees her, startled to see her wearing Academy red instead of Bright Moon Prep gold and white. She’s dancing with a small crowd of students, her little friend dancing beside her in a shimmery purple dress the same shade of lilac as her hair. Something about the combination of Adora in that dress, looking so at home, so happy in this place, makes Catra’s throat go dry. She almost wants to turn around, go home, but then Adora glances over and their eyes lock again and she sees the way Adora’s rhythm falters, that nervous way she swallows, the way her breezy smile melts into an uneasy frown and Catra feels her power return.

She watches as the rest of Adora’s friends catch on, following her gaze to where Catra and Scorpia stand at the edge of the dance floor, watches as their expressions crumble one by one, ranging from anxious to downright thunderous.

And then Adora’s stepping toward them, her cronies trailing behind and Catra gives Scorpia’s hand a gentle tug and they slip back into the crowd. For someone so statuesque and imposing, Scorpia can blend into a crowd almost as easily as Catra can, when she’s trying; a skill she must have honed at all those fancy, high society dinners that her family used to drag her around to. Catra wonders if this silly, gilded farce in a high school gym reminds her at all of those upper crust affairs.

They keep a low profile for a while longer. If there’s anything Catra’s become good at, it’s not being found when she doesn’t want to be, so it’s not hard to keep an eye on Adora from afar. She and Scorpia make their rounds, sharing a few dances during the songs that don’t suck so much, and running into more Academy students than Catra honestly expected to actually see tonight.

This is going to be fun.

But her luck can’t hold out all night, turns out.

Adora catches up to her alone, hunched sketchily over an unattended punch bowl. Scorpia’s off leading the chaperone charged with its defense on a wild goose chase for a missing cell phone while Catra upends an entire flask of bottom shelf vodka into it.

When a firm grip seizes her elbow she nearly loses the flask, a sharp spike of panic surging up her spine. It’d be tricky to get herself out of this one. Even if she managed to give some uptight Bright Moon dweeb the slip, Adora’s friends had already seen her, if they decided to ID her, it’d be all over.

But it’s Adora’s voice in her ear, hissing, “What do you think you’re doing?”

Catra relaxes immediately, tipping the flask again with a little more flourish until Adora huffs and yanks her arm back again. “Hey, Adora,” she purrs, biting back a grin at the way Adora’s lips part at the sound of her voice.

“Catra, what’s going on?”

“Isn’t it obvious?” she smirks, waggling the flask in the space between their faces. “Livening things up a little, that’s all. You Bright Moon kids could use a lesson or two in cutting loose.”

“You could get in so much trouble, Catra,” Adora says lowly, fingers tightening on Catra’s elbow.

“What, are you gonna rat me out?”

Adora huffs again, eyes narrowing, but doesn’t answer and Catra wonders if she’s really considering it. The possibility doesn’t seem as shocking or even as disappointing as Catra would have expected.

“I didn’t think so,” Catra says, with a confidence she doesn’t really feel. “Thirsty, Adora?”

She reaches back for a cup but Adora grabs her wrist, wrestles the flask out of it and drags her off into a corner. She unscrews the cap and takes a deep gulp right out of the flask. Catra sees the way her mouth twists up, watches as Adora’s eyes water, but she doesn’t cough, doesn’t break Catra’s gaze.

“Was that supposed to impress me?” she wonders aloud, projecting a thick layer of boredom to cover the fact that it had worked. “Guess all these preppy dweebs haven’t defanged you totally yet, huh?”

“Why are you here?” Adora asks.

Catra steps in close, gratified when Adora takes a shaky step back and then another, til her back is up against the wall of the gym. Catra reaches out, plucks the flask from her grip and takes a rakish sip for herself before stashing it back in her coat pocket.

“Would you believe that I missed you?” she murmurs huskily, still close. She isn’t sure what she’s doing, just knows she’s pleased and then furious with how Adora’s breath hitches at her words, the look of bare longing that clouds the mistrust on her face for a single, unbearably sincere moment.

Because it’s not fair. Adora shouldn’t be allowed to want this, shouldn’t miss Catra for real, not when she’s the one that left.

“Something tells me that’s not it,” Adora says through something like a sigh after a long tense moment.

Catra eases back, almost grateful for the way the tension breaks, and rolls her shoulders easily. “Always so perceptive, huh?”

Adora remains silent, face stony and unreadable in the flashing lights.

Catra sighs, long and put-upon, and stretches, because it’s less fun with Adora not playing along. “Maybe I was just curious.”

“About what?”

“About what exactly you love so much about this place. How much better it is than the Academy. About who you are to these people.”

“What are you talking about? I’m the same person to them as I was to you. As I’ve always been. Nothing’s changed, Catra, except where I go to school and the fact that my best friend won’t even talk to me anymore without pulling some weird head games, apparently.”

“Oh, please,” Catra laughs, no guilt at all this time when the harshness of it makes Adora flinch again. “Big jock on campus. Nothing’s changed? Take a look at your entourage. I’ve been watching you all night, watching everyone fall all over themselves to talk to you. Lie to yourself all you want, Adora, but don’t lie to me.”

“So, what, you’re mad because people like me? You’re mad I have friends?”

“I’m mad because you left and now you’re acting like I’m the one who screwed you over.”

“You totally tossed me aside the minute I did something you didn’t like—”

God, how can she not get it? “You—”

“Adora!”

Catra winces, schooling her features into casual disinterest and discreetly stepping back out of Adora’s personal space. She’s not sure how they’d gotten so close in the first place, doesn’t know quite what to make of it when Adora swallows hard watching her shuffle back, looking almost like she’s sorry to see her go.

“Oh, look, it’s the entourage,” Catra says, eyeing Adora’s lackeys with naked disdain.

“Is she bothering you?” asks the little purple one, glaring hard at Catra in a way that she’s sure is meant to be intimidating.

“Oh, please, spare me the overprotective girlfriend routine, Sparkle,” Catra sneers.

“It’s Glimmer—”

“—She’s not my girlfriend.”

They speak at the same time, equally heated, and the silence that follows as they stare awkwardly at each other is just too delicious. Catra laughs, letting her neck roll back for the sounds to just bubble out of her.

“Whatever,” she dismisses. She spots Scorpia lingering a few feet away, and inclines her head to call her over. “You guys work that out. I think I’ve left my own date alone long enough.”

Catra offers her arm and Scorpia takes it smoothly, offering a jaunty wave to a simmering Adora and they stroll off together. Catra feels ten feet taller, almost giddy as they disappear into the crowd again.

“Mission accomplished?” Scorpia asks lowly once they’re far enough away.

“Give them a minute to clear out and then I’ll prove it to you,” Catra says, glancing back over in the direction of the punch.

There’s a restless sort of tension in the air by the time Homecoming King and Queen are announced. Catra’s not surprised when it’s Adora that wins, alongside one of her other little friends. Some chump named Bow, handsome and kind of fey, light on his feet like some high fashion model when they share a dance. It’s entirely, almost embarrassingly platonic, but it makes Catra’s skin feel too tight all the same.

“At the end of this dance,” Catra murmurs to Scorpia as they watch Bow lead Adora around the dancefloor, like something out of a disney film. “Go let ‘em know.”

She slips away immediately to do just that.

And Catra can’t help herself, tells herself it’s just to get under Adora’s skin, to psych her out, but she finds herself elbowing through the crowd. She shoves Fancy Boy away with a rough palm to his shoulder and cuts in, biting back a smirk at the way Adora gasps in response to Catra’s hand on her waist.

“What?” Catra murmurs, low and dangerous and a little out of control. “Too good to dance with your old friend?”

“That was really rude to Bow,” Adora says, but takes Catra offered hand anyway.

“Yeah, I feel just awful,” Catra says flatly, spinning Adora in her arms, pleased that despite the crackling of tension between them she’s not fighting, just allowing herself to be lead. “I’ll have my people call his people. Smooth things over.”

“What are you doing, Catra?” Adora asks, a little breathless. Up close Catra can see the makeup she’s put on. Light eye shadow, lip gloss, and something on her cheeks that makes them sparkle a little in the shimmering lights of the dance floor. It makes Catra’s stomach roil tightly, conjuring the thought of Glimmer somewhere nearby, no doubt watching them and seething.

Something about the other girl’s surefire annoyance at seeing Catra and Adora dance soothes a bit of the ache that comes along with the certainty with which Catra knows she was the one to make Adora up like this. Her own half-hearted eyeliner feels threadbare and thoroughly unimpressive in comparison.

“Adora, you really don’t buy that I’m just here to dance? See how the other half lives? Enjoy the party a little?” Catra asks.

With a look equal parts guilt and determination, Adora shakes her head, gnawing the gloss off her bottom lip.

“What, so, you think I just like. Showed up and infiltrated your stupid Bright Goon event just to be a menace and generally ruin the evening for everyone here?”

Adora pauses at that, expression falling into sheepishness at having it laid out so bluntly. “Well. I mean, I guess—”

“So, so perceptive,” Catra sighs, disentangling herself from Adora’s grasp. “But, as always, just a little too late.”

The timing’s nearly perfect, lights cutting out abruptly and the easy, danceable tune from the speakers immediately replaced with something harsh and industrial sounding. All around the room Bright Moon students groan and complain, covering their ears and looking around for the culprit. Catra slinks back into the crowd, pleased as various whoops of glee rise up from different points in the gymnasium, the Horde members finally cutting loose.

It descends quickly into chaos. Drinks are spilled, clothes are ruined, a small army of live frogs is let loose on the dance floor. It all ends when the fire alarm is pulled, activating the gym’s overhead sprinklers and effectively ruining anyone’s chances of salvaging their big night out.

Catra beats a hasty retreat, laughing and breathless. The Horde students have all scattered, everyone knowing better than to all leave the same way, but those of them that have retreated with her won’t stop chattering excitedly and slapping her on the back.

“Aren’t you worried?” Kyle asks later, when a handful of them have crowded up onto the roof of the cafeteria to sneak a smoke. “I mean, they all saw you and they know who you are. They know you were in on it. If they tell, everything’s gonna get pinned on you.”

“Don’t care,” Catra says, not sure if she should be worried when she finds she actually means it. “Worth it.”

She thinks about that stunned look on Adora’s face when Catra glanced back on her way out of the building, soaked through and ridiculous in her little crown. She thinks about the way the fabric of her dress felt under Catra’s fingertips as they danced, closer than they’ve been in months. She thinks about that defiant, expectant look on Adora’s face when she’d choked back that mouthful of vodka earlier, how it warmed Catra up from the inside out to know she’d only ever done it at all to prove something to Catra.

Catra knows without a doubt she’d do the whole night over again in a heartbeat.