When Damian was six, his tutor tried to kill him.

Damian had completed a particularly complex assignment and his tutor had laughed and smiled and given him a hug. It was not so unusual an occurrence. The man was his favorite and besides, Damian had been a sentimental fool at six years old.

So he allowed the man to hug him.

And he got stabbed in the back with a knife for his troubles.

Even with the wound, even at six years old, Damian had managed to get away. He’d escaped into the hallway where his mother had taken one look at him and handed him her sword. The weapon was longer than Damian was tall and it was heavy, made even heavier by the stab wound slowly bleeding the life out of him. But Damian had taken the sword anyway. And when the fight was over and Damian’s favorite tutor lay dead at his feet, his mother had stood tall in the doorway and told him:

“If they’re close enough to touch you, they’re close enough to kill you. Never forget that.”

Damian didn’t. He never forgot anything.

It took him exactly two months and three days to realize that Talia had orchestrated the whole affair, had ordered his favorite tutor to kill him, just to teach him this lesson. The realization only served to drive her point home.

Never trust. Never let down your guard.

Never let them touch you.

*****

The first time Richard Grayson tried to give Damian a friendly pat on the shoulder, Damian had thrown him into a wall.

The motion had been pure instinct, a gut reaction to someone stepping into his space. Grayson had landed on his feet like a cat and looked at Damian with those wide, guileless blue eyes of his, surprise written in large block letters across his face.

“I do not like to be touched,” Damian informed him haughtily.

Grayson’s eyes narrowed.

Damian didn’t know him well enough at the time to realize it, but Grayson had just accepted his words as a challenge. Looking back, it was the moment Damian should have realized he was doomed.

Thus began one of the most intense battles of Damian’s life, a war of wills between two opponents who would rather die than surrender. At every opportunity, Grayson would reach out for Damian, intending a pat on the shoulder, a brush of fingers through his hair, a friendly nudge with his elbow or knee, or—worst of all—a hug.

Damian met every attempt with violence. Once, he even bruised the older man’s ribs.

And Grayson only laughed.

“One of these days,” Grayson threatened, mouth set in his biggest, most absurd grin.

“Why do you persist?” Damian demanded as he blinked and looked down. Watching Grayson smile was like staring into the sun.

For once in his life, Grayson became serious. He crouched down so he was eye-level with Damian and said, “Because you’re family. You’re my family. And I swear to you, Damian, I will never ever hurt you. Not like she did.”

Damian startled. He hadn’t told Grayson that. He hadn’t told anyone that. Not even Father. Not once. Not ever.

And he’d forgotten something important, too. Or perhaps he’d never truly understood it in the first place. For all he acted like an insufferable idiot, Richard Grayson was sharp. He’d been Batman’s first Robin. Had built his own team of superheroes. Had become his own man as Nightwing. Had been good enough to pick up the cowl and be the hero Gotham needed, the hero he’d never wanted to be. He wasn’t the Detective, not by any means. But he saw things the rest of them didn’t, had an instinct for people in a way Father never had.

The realization surprised Damian. He didn’t like to be surprised. He liked even less that Grayson saw he was surprised.

“You will,” Damian said, voice as low and vicious as he knew how to make it. “Everyone always does.”

“Not me, kid,” Grayson promised him, smiling like he knew the punchline to a joke Damian had never heard. “Let me show you.”

And—somehow—he did.

It started so small between them, the trust that went deeper than the partnership they had on the streets. Small enough, in fact, that Damian didn’t realize it was happening until he was already in too deep to ever claw his way out.

It started with Grayson teaching him how to ride a bike on the long gravel driveway leading up to Wayne Manor on a hot summer day, the older man laughing brightly as Damian mastered the trick of it in three minutes flat. It started with Grayson telling him stories of Father, his blue eyes wistful and angry in turns. It started with Grayson showing him how to use the parallel bars in the gym, demonstrating the best ways to flip and twist his body.

It started with Grayson teaching him how to fly on the trapeze strung high above the Cave floor. Damian had never felt more free in his entire life. Never felt more alive than in those moments.

It was the first time Damian smiled because he meant it, not because he wanted something and a smile was the right tool for the job.

Grayson gave him these things, these precious memories that had no bitterness attached to them.

In return, Damian did something he never did. He gave back.

He gave Grayson lessons in Arabic, so they could speak to each other in Damian’s mother tongue. He gave Grayson a finely-made throwing knife that Talia had gifted him on the occasion of his first kill. He gave Grayson copies of his favorite books and then gave him quiet afternoons to read them side-by-side on the cozy couches in the Manor’s library.

But it was only after Talia came with her Shadows to Gotham, only after she tried to reclaim Damian, only after Damian told her no, that Grayson broke down that final barrier.

Because Grayson fought for him. No one had ever done that before, not like Grayson. Talia had fought for Damian because she thought she owned him. Ra’s had fought for Damian because he was his heir. The Shadows had fought for Damian because he was their master. His father had fought for Damian because they were blood.

Damian was none of those things to Grayson.

But Grayson fought for him anyway. Because he wanted to. Because he chose to.

And in those final moments of their battle with Talia, when the smoke was settling along with the realization that his mother had lost, Damian stood with his back to Grayson and allowed the older man to put both hands on his shoulders.

His mother stood tall and defiant. “You’ve forgotten what I taught you,” she said.

“No,” Damian told her. “I haven’t. But he’s not you.”

And even though he couldn’t see Grayson’s smile, he could feel it—brightening the darkness around him until the whole world was sunlight