Q-A: (Pokes head from bunker after disappearing for five years) Heeeeeeeeeey, well. This is embarrassing. I am very much aware that I have other stories I need to complete on FF.net and Ao3 respectfully but I need to be honest for a minute. I was suffering from a serious case of writer’s block back in 2015. I was dealing with my junior and later senior year of college and then having to transition back home. I wanted to get back to fanfiction but then I went on this awesome trip through Japan after I graduated in 2016 that same year and then the holidays happened. I then just took a year off to recharge myself while also taking a few online classes to get all my credits. I spent the remainder of 2017 looking for either an internship or a job. I finally landed a job working at a local movie theater in 2018. Because of how flimsy my schedule was and that the theater was pretty new too I had no idea when I’d write. I have had brainstorms of ideas but not enough to motivate me into writing a serious story again. Until (drum-roll)…. BUMBLEBEE! I don’t know what it is about that movie but I just love it so much. I love the story, the characters (‘Bee and Charlie especially), the fact it’s not awful like all the Bayformer films (sans possibly the ’07 one), and it’s directed by one of my new favorites, Travis Knight (if you haven’t seen his other film Kubo and the Two Strings yet, stop reading this super aft-long Author’s Note and go watch the movie. I promise I’ll wait).

….So, I don’t know when I’ll get back to my incomplete works, but I hope to once inspiration for them springs out like it did for this piece. This is kind of a big test for me to see if I can commit to a multi-chapter story and complete it like I did with Seeing Isn’t Believing five million years ago.

 

If any of you are still reading this and haven’t clicked away or just skipped the AN, without further ado let’s get on with the story.

 

Disclaimer: I do not own The Transformers. It solely belongs to Hasbro and Paramount. The songs referenced in this chapter belong to their respected producers/singers.

“Yes, I know you
Though we've been out of touch
Yes, I know you
To be continued,”

- "I Can’t Wait" by Stevie Nicks 

 

Location: Loch Lomond Reservoir, CA. Date: May 28, 1988

 

The abandoned mine looked different the last time the calvary scout was there.

 

Though Ratchet’s radio transmitter did say it was currently one breem passed 0300 hours on the Pacific Time Zone. There were only three life forms in the area now. Him, the Autobot’s Field Medic, and their demolition expert. Ten Earth-months ago the young scout was alone in the daylight after his escape pod crashed on the planet. Then a dozen human soldiers had cornered him in front of the mine. He was also an Earth vehicle called a Jeep for about a groon until the Decepticon, Blitzwing, showed up. He later became a Volkswagen, and currently a Camaro.

 

Primus, that felt like an eternity ago. The infamous day the young soldier defeated the red/silver Triple-Changer only to have his memory cells fried and lose his voice synthesizer, rendering him mute.

 

Speaking of which.

 

“Careful Brawn.” A voice drew the black/yellow scout from his ruminations. It belonged to Ratchet. The taller and older Autobot barked indignantly and used his vocal processor to project his voice. “A fall from that high up means I’ll have to patch you up after I take care of ‘Bee here.”

 

Near the mountain’s top another metallic being waved off Ratchet’s caution. He climbed the face of the mountain without a care in the world. “Stop worrying, Ratch’. My atl-mode is an off-roader for a reason.”

 

 “I highly doubt rock-climbing is what your vehicle mode’s original creators had in mind,” Ratchet deadpanned.

 

The smaller Autobot placed a hand over the medic’s shoulder.

 

“[Ziit]-He-Will-BE-fine-Doc,” Bee spoke, his voice an abundance of voices and songs found on his alt-mode’s radio.

 

Ratchet vented before he pinched his olfactory sensor. “Why do I always get paired with the youngest ‘bots?”

 

The Autobot next to him buzzed surly. “Brawn-[ziitt]-is-older-than-you.”

 

“By half a vorn. Not much of a difference.”

 

Brawn, meanwhile, pulled himself over the edge of a cliff. He used his headlights to illuminate the ground while the crosshairs over his HUD boosted the sight in his optics. At that moment all Brawn saw was dirt, rocks, grass, and the occasional Earth-based insect. Brawn silently hoped they didn’t have a taste for metal.

 

Ratchet glanced at the mountain briefly and then sighed. “He’s been up there for over five kliks. If he doesn’t find what we came here for-”

 

“FOUND IT!”

 

“Celebrate good times, come on!” ‘Bee threw his right arm up and his optics glowed with unbridled joy.

 

Ratchet had trouble hiding his slight grin and opted to clear his intake valve.

 

“Great~ Now get your skidplate down here before I blow a fuse from stress.”

 

Brawn used the struts of his pedes to skid down the mountain before transforming back into his alt-mode once the land curved. He returned to his standard form once he joined the other two ‘bots. In Brawn’s servos was a triangular shaped apparatus made of metal and wires.

 

‘Bee’s faceplate quivered when he recognized the object.

 

“THANK-you-very much-Brawn-y,” the scout wrapped his arm over the shorter Autobot’s backplate.

 

Brawn brushed him off playfully. “No need to get mushy on me.”

 

“Yes, don’t celebrate so quickly. I still need to examine the vocal synthesizer,” Ratchet informed with a voice that reminded the other two ‘bots why he was a field medic.

 

‘Bee stood as close as he could to Ratchet. He buzzed, which led the older mech to stare at him before the scout quickly covered his mouth-grill.

 

After a tense klik Ratchet raised his helm. The scout ‘bot stared anxiously at him. Brawn had his arms crossed and glanced at the two.

 

Ratchet didn’t conceal his smile that time.

 

“Aside from a obvious needle puncture wound there isn’t any other serious internal damage I can find.” He gave ‘Bee a raised optical ridge before he continued, “You’re lucky no rust or other outside elements ruined this to re-attach to your vocal circuits. After some old wires are removed and the shell gets a resealing, of course”

 

Ratchet waited to conclude his prognosis of the semi-mute mech after the later finished dancing.

 

Brawn had a nonplussed expression on his face as he leaned towards Ratchet. “When did he start to act like this?”

 

“You just noticed that now?” Ratchet asked. “That ‘bot’s been acting like he has had a glitch ever since we arrived on Earth.”

 

Brawn raised his servos in defeat. “Alright, alright. Let’s get back to Temp-base. Quit that dancing, B-127.”

 

The scout stopped his movements before he turned on his speakers to converse with an all too familiar recording.

 

“My-Name-[ziit]-Is-Bumblebee,” Bumblebee declared while he pointed to his chest plate.

 

“Not sure how you could’ve forgotten that ‘Bee chose a new designation for himself,” Ratchet queried. He didn’t wait for Brawn’s answer as he shifted into his vehicle disguise. “If you want your voice restored, Bumblebee, I need my tools and supplies. The sooner we’re home, the sooner you don’t have to keep talking through that radio.”

 

Brawn and Bumblebee soon transformed and the three rolled out of the quarry. Thanks to ‘Bee’s engine he was in the lead while Brawn was behind his tail and Ratchet followed not to far behind.

 

After the three Autobots drove onto the main road Brawn sped up to drive side-by-side with the Camaro.

 

::You know somethins’ been bothering my processor for a while:: The Land Rover leaned close to the muscle car. ::Why did you start calling yourself Bumblebee?:: Brawn asked through his commlink.

 

Earlier, ‘Bee had started fiddling with his radio to pass the time but then suddenly fell silent.

 

The medical ‘bot noticed the lack of music in the air. ::Everything okay up there?::

 

“Yeaaaaaaaaah~!” Bumblebee suddenly pulled on the breaks and slowed his pace to drive next to Ratchet. ::Can I-Axe-You-a-simple favor?::

 

::What is it?:: Ratchet silently hoped it wasn’t an extravagant request.

 

::There-[ziitt]-is-something that I-need-to do-before-I-get back, get back-my-voice.::

 

Brawn became curious of the conversation and slowed to a cruising speed. ::What is it you wanna do, ‘Bee?::

 

The two other ‘bots obviously couldn’t see it but Bumblebee was smiling underneath the car’s hood. A plan formulated inside his cerebral processor.

 

 Location: Brighton Falls, CA. Date: June 4, 1988

 

“I’m relieved?” Charlie Watson stood inside Hotdog On A Stick’s break room, gaping at her boss.

 

Said boss, Craig, rolled his eyes and repeated in a dull tone, “Due to the lowering demand of hotdogs on a stick in the last fiscal year the company has concluded-”

 

“Yeah, I know why I’m losing my job you don’t need to say it again,” Charlie interrupted. “What I want to know is how much longer I can work here and when we’re closing.”

 

Craig responded in his bored drawl, “The stall is being repurposed into a taco stand tomorrow.”

 

“That soon? When will the company come here to reclaim their stuff?”

 

“The food company rented a truck. They expect us to move the store’s supplies in there.”

 

Well, Charlie thought her day couldn’t suck anymore than it did then.

 

Over three hours later, Charlie was sweaty, tired, and covered in grease from the fryer she helped Craig pull into the U-Haul.

 

“Expect to get your final paycheck in the mail in about two weeks,” Craig said after he closed up the truck’s back doors.

 

Charlie did her best not to look too agitated.

 

“Thanks, Craig.” Charlie was about to walk away until she thought of something. “Do you know if any of the stands here are looking for more employees?”

 

“No.” Craig was helpful as ever.

 

Charlie went back to the stall to change into her street clothes and went to the least smelliest restroom to clean up as best as she could with the hand soap and water. She walked through the parking lot ready to head back home for a real shower when the mechanic came across the last people she wanted to see. Three girls in neon bright tube tops and acid washed denim shorts.

 

“Did you just get fired back there?” the snobby voice belonged to no one else but Tina Lark, the tallest blonde in the trio.

 

Charlie groaned. She had no time for this crap. “I’m not in the mood right now, Tina.”

 

“Aw, but you now don’t have to wear that ugly uniform anymore.”

 

“It’s better than the outfit you’re wearing,” Charlie snarked back. “Did you just walk out of a Jem and the Holograms commercial or are you just trying to look like a Barbie knock-off on purpose?”

 

Nearby a couple of guys chuckled, including Charlie’s old crush Tripp Summers.

 

Tina fought back a scowl. While the blonde seemed to be trying come up with a good comeback inside her tiny brain Charlie walked over to her bike.

 

“Yeah, well where’s your Corvette? Or did you sell it for parts like you did with your crappy beetle bug.”

 

What Tina didn’t see was that Charlie gripped tightly on her handles. The eighteen year old breathed through her nose to calm herself. She turned around and gave the taller girl a sweet innocent smile.

 

“It must be where your old BMW went.”

 

Tina’s smirk went away.

 

Charlie kicked her kickstand up and rode back home.

 

Charlie felt ridiculous for talking back to Tina. She and her mean girlfriends were not worth it. But the moment Tina insulted her old car Charlie had to say something. Still, Charlie had been aware for a long time that there are worse things out there than just mall brats. She had seen things most people thought only came from movies and science fiction novels her old neighbor liked. Charlie knew that there was life beyond Earth. Charlie knew humans were not alone on the planet. Charlie knew all this because she knew him. The first true friend she made in years. The friend who helped her became herself again. The friend was also her old yellow Volkswagen and a robot. The friend who wasn’t-

 

Charlie hadn’t realized she was crying until she stopped at a red light. She shook those depressing thoughts away and turned the volume up on her Walkman. Stevie Nicks’ vocals drowned out everything but the traffic.  

 

In all honesty her life had improved a bit after Bumblebee left. Charlie was close to her mom again, even if they still didn’t always see eye to eye. Otis was less of a dweeb since he stopped trying to use big words to sound mature. And Ron was… he was still Ron, but Charlie liked him more after seeing his driving moves and when he later asked for mechanic advice for the station wagon. Her friendship with Memo was going all right even after he got a summer internship.

 

The only relationship in her life that she now had trouble with involved a car. Not a robot disguised as a car, her cherry red Corvette c1. For a few months it stalled if she drove it more than thirty minutes and the accelerator got stuck in place. Charlie was not going to give up on her and her late father’s car but had to accept that she needed help from a professional mechanic. Too bad she just lost the only job that gave her any income aside from a small monthly allowance. But like she thought before things could be a lot worse.

 

(Like every living thing on Earth burning in an apocalypse led by the Decepticons, laying waste to kill off the remaining Autobots.)

 

Yep, Charlie was certain things could be a lot worse than they are now.

 

So, why do I need to keep reminding myself that? Charlie wondered as she arrived at her driveway. Nearby she noticed the mailbox’s flag was erect. After Charlie parked her bike in the garage she went back to the mailbox all pulled out the letters. She inattentively skimmed through the junk mail, barely spared a glance until one card caught her eye. The mechanic recognized a crest on an envelope and eagerly cut it open with her finger. She removed the letter and silently read the contents. The hopeful smile that she had slowly vanished after she finished reading.

 

“Figures, had to jinx myself earlier,” Charlie sighed before she angrily shoved the letter into her back pocket.

 

Charlie opened the front door and was immediately welcomed by her mom who still wore her scrubs. She must’ve had a shorter shift today.

 

“Hi, honey you’re home early,” Sally said as she placed dishes into the new dishwasher Sector 7 bought them.

 

“So are you.” Charlie did not want her mom to ask about work for obvious reasons.

 

Sally shrugged. “Work was surprisingly slow today. They said I could leave early since we had more than enough nurses.”

 

“Right ‘cause it’s like we don’t need the money or something,” Charlie muttered while she headed to the new fridge, that Sector 7 also purchased, for a soda.

 

After Charlie befriended Bumblebee he may have accidently wrecked the living room of her house, including most of the appliances. Sector 7, a branch of the U.S. Government responsible for detaining, and secretly torture alien robots on the side, quietly paid the Watsons with hush money to repair the damages done to the house. It was like they were sorry for getting Charlie electrocuted, wrongly accused of theft, and almost killed in that exact order. Or at least Agent Jack Burns was since he came to their house a week after ‘Bee left to personally deliver the check.  

 

“Mom, I’m pretty sure we’re out of Tab again,” Charlie announced after shoving her head into the fridge for more than a minute.

 

“Well, the sticky notes for my grocery shopping list are on the refrigerator for a reason,” Sally pointed out.


Charlie rolled her eyes.

 

“Charlie, I can practically hear you rolling your eyes behind my back,” Sally reprimanded.

 

“We’re home.” The front door opened again, this time Otis came in. Ron followed close behind his stepson.

 

“Hey, my little man,” Sally chimed after she left the dishes and hugged her son. She then gave Ron a kiss and Otis faked a puking noise. He looked down and noticed an envelope on the floor.

 

“Hey this is addressed to Charlie.” Charlie’s hand immediately went to her back pocket and found nothing. The letter must’ve slipped out when she bent down in the fridge.


“Wait, Otis don’t-” it was too late. Her brother had read the letter judging from the stunned expression on his face. Sally and Ron read over Otis’ shoulder and both carried equally shocked reactions.

 

“Guys,” Charlie began, trying to smooth out the tension. “It’s really not that bad I-”

 

“Oh, sweetie. Why didn’t you tell me you got rejected,” Sally said after she embraced Charlie.

 

“I only got the letter today and look it’s not that big a deal.”

 

Sally shook her head. “Of course it’s a big deal. Charlie this was the third school you got rejected from. This is horrible.”

 

“Seriously, Mom, this isn’t the worst thing that happened to me today-” she cut herself off before she said anything worse but Ron caught it.

 

“Wait another bad thing happened?” Ron jumped in.

 

Charlie sighed. This was getting out of hand. “Nothing, Ron. I just,” she trailed off after realizing that she couldn’t lie to her family. Not again. “I lost my job this afternoon, but not because I got fired,” she added to assure her mother. “The food stand is shutting down because not enough people were buying food from us.”

 

Sally raised a hand over her forehead. “First your job and now this?” ‘This’ being the rejection letter she now held in her hand after taking it from Otis.

 

“Mom, I’ll try and find another job tomorrow. I could finally convince Uncle Hank to let me work for him.”

 

“After all the times he said no?”

 

“If I tell him I got fired maybe he’ll change his mind,” Charlie tried to sound optimistic. Emphasis on tried.

 

“I just don’t understand why this happened. You’re a smart kid, Charlie. Why can’t any of those colleges see that?”

 

Charlie smiled slightly at her mom’s praise. “I don’t know Mom. Look can I just-”

 

“I’m going to go call them,” Sally declared as she headed towards the corded phone.

 

Ron hurried over and blocked Sally. “Let’s not get hasty here. I’m mad about this too but we don’t want to do anything we might regret later.”

 

“Those college admission reps have no right to have said no to my daughter.”

 

“Mom,” Charlie started to say but Sally paid no attention as she tried to reach the phone.

 

“Technically they do have the right to say so, Sally but I’m sure we can find another place nearby,” Ron said sanguinely.

 

“The last three universities were the only ones that we could afford to send Charlie to.”

 

Charlie step forward and raised her voice a tad higher. “Guys.”

 

“Hey if those rep guys show up I’ll puncture their spleens,” Otis threatened. He then did a series of karate kicks and chops. “Nobody messes with the Watsons.”

 

Conan began to bark from all the excitement and danced between everyone’s legs.

 

Charlie felt a headache coming along. She tried to rub her temples but it didn’t help. The brunette took a deep breath and shouted, “GUYS!”

 

All three of the talkative Watsons, and the dog, stopped their actions and stared at the eighteen-year-old.

 

“I’ve had a long day, guys.” Charlie rubbed her eyes, she already started to feel uncomfortable with the attention she was getting. “I’m tired, sweaty, and I’m pretty sure I smell worse than Conan after he’s eaten something that’s not dog food. So, I’m gonna go shower and just sleep for the rest of the day in my room. Okay?” Charlie didn’t wait to hear them answer as she walked out of the kitchen.

 

“What’s eating her?” Otis asked a moment after Charlie slammed the door to the bathroom.

 

Sally sighed.

 

 Charlie lied.

 

She didn’t stay in her room after cleaning the stench of failure off. Instead the mechanic went to the one place she felt like herself. Charlie lay atop of her Craftsman Creeper as she tried to find whatever faulty car part or other problem beneath her red corvette. Like all the other times before she was unable to locate the source of why her Chevy convertible was misbehaving.

 

Charlie was unable to calm down; in fact all that work on the sports car just made her feel even more frustrated. She tried to look through her videotapes and found no films to brighten her mood. Her eyes landed on a shelf with a row of familiar records and one with songs performed by Sam Cooke.

 

Charlie’s eyes began to sting.

 

Knock-knock!

 

The mechanic blinked the newly formed tears away and turned her attention towards the door.

 

“Come in.”

 

Sally walked in with a glass in hand. “Hey. I brought some lemonade. Since you were hard at work in here and everything.” She paused and asked, “I wasn’t interrupting you was I?”

 

Charlie shook her head.

 

“Do you still want the lemonade?”

 

Charlie shrugged. She accepted the glass but did not take a drink. Her fingers played with the water droplets on cup.

 

Sally suddenly sat next to Charlie and nudged her shoulder playfully. “Are you actually going to talk to me or just keep giving me the silent treatment?” Sally couldn’t help but snark.

 

“I miss him.” Charlie revealed after a minute of silence.

 

“Dad? You miss him? Otis and I miss him too sometimes.” Sally regarded all the memorabilia that belonged to her late husband. “Obviously not as much as you but-”

 

“No. Not him. I still miss Dad too. I meant my friend.”

 

Sally quit her reminiscing. She gave Charlie a sympathetic smile.

 

“Who? You mean Memo? You can always call him-”

 

“I don’t mean Memo.”

 

Sally sighed tiredly. They had this conversation before.

 

“Charlie, you know Sector 7 said we can’t talk-”

 

“We’re not in public, Mom. It’s not liked they bugged the garage or something and besides we can’t pretend like it never happened.”

 

Sally nodded, albeit reluctantly. Sally didn’t understand why her daughter was so attached to the yellow Volkswagen but it/him was the reason Charlie started smiling again so she did want to try to listen.

 

“You’re right but we still can’t talk about … your friend out in the open. I’m sorry you had to say goodbye, but it was for the best. We couldn’t keep a robot in the garage forever.”

 

That made Charlie snort. “Only if we gave him enough tapes to watch. Nevermind.” She added after her mom gave her a funny look.

 

“I know it’s hard having to say bye to a friend or a loved one. Believe me, I’ve been there. What matters is what you do after. You either chose to stay in touch, or you don’t, or promise not to forget them.”

 

“I did promise ‘Bee I wouldn’t forget about him.” He made it very clear that he didn’t want me to either, Charlie thought to herself. She could still remember Simple Minds’ signature song blaring from ‘Bee’s radio as he drove away.

 

“Well then that’s your answer,” Sally said. She wrapped an arm over Charlie’s shoulders and stared directly into her daughter’s eyes “Once you’ve met someone they never leave your heart.”

 

“Thanks, Mom.”

 

Charlie wraps her arms around her mother’s waist and the two shared a warm embrace. At least they did until the mechanic’s stomach growled. Both Watson women couldn’t stop themselves from laughing.

 

“Perfect timing,” Charlie said sarcastically. She got off from the bench and followed Sally into the house.

 

“How about we go out to eat tonight?” Sally suggested. That got everyone’s attention. Otis ceased playing Pong on the t.v., rushed over and started to list off some of his favorite restaurants.

 

“I think we should go out to that Chinese place Charlie likes,” Sally said after she vetoed Otis’ ideas.

 

“Dragon Of The Black Pool?” Charlie perked up. She hadn’t been to that place in months.

 

Otis groaned. “I hate Chinese.”

 

“Yeah, well we’re all going together. Just like we all went to Chuck E. Cheese’s when you passed your final exam in May,” Sally said. She, Charlie and Ron inwardly shivered as the traumatic memories flooding through them.

 

Ron picked up his wallet and headed for the hall closet. “Alright so let’s get our jackets kids and head out.”

 

“It’s summer.” Otis complained.

 

Sally handed her son a jacket anyway. “The weatherman said there’s cold front coming later and I read that bacteria affect people with lowered body temperatures. You too, Charlie, get your coat.”

 

Charlie put on a cotton jacket, unlike the green leather one she lost during the fight with the Decepticons. She then tussled her brother’s hair. “Don’t be so glum. Chinese food tastes good and is good to eat for a karate master like you.”

 

Otis pushed his sister’s hand away and made a face. “Yeah, vegetables. And if we’re eating out I can’t just feed them to Conan while Mom isn’t looking.”

 

“I heard that.”

 

Charlie laughed while her brother groaned. 

 

The atmosphere inside Dragon Of The Black Pool was casual. It had the façade of a California surf-shop fused with an Asian seafood store that somehow worked. The Watsons’ (and Ron) sat together in a booth already in the process of eating appetizers.

 

While Sally monitored Otis to make sure he ate his vegetables Ron turned his attention towards Charlie.

 

 “Hey Charlie,” Ron waved.

 

“Yeah, Ron,” Charlie said, her tone neutral.

 

“I know you must still feel bummed out about not getting accepted but I’m sure things will work out.”

 

Charlie was touched by Ron’s concern even if he made it sound understated.

 

The mechanic shrugged. “There’s always Trade School.”

 

“You’re not going there,” Sally said distractedly just as she caught Otis put his carrots on Charlie’s plate.

 

Charlie winced slightly from Sally’s comment and moved her chopsticks over her spring rolls. Ron noticed Charlie’s sudden mood shift and delicately placed his hand above her own.

 

Charlie stopped playing with her food and stared at Ron. Ron awkwardly removed his hand. “You remember when I was having trouble getting work ten months ago?”

 

“Yeah.” Charlie said.

 

“It was hard. Having to go to interviews only to get rejected. It felt like a punch in the gut every time I heard them say no. I kept thinking like I was a failure as I walked through our house’s front door. It took me a while to figure out that it wasn’t me that was the problem, it was the places I applied. Eventually I found my place at James Roberts’ travel agency. The point I’m trying to make Charlie is that we don’t always find what we’re looking for the first, second, or even third time. It just takes a bit of soul searching before you can find where your true calling is. You’re a smart, talented, funny person, Charlie. There’s bound to be a place for you somewhere. You have all the time in the world to find where you belong.”

 

The whole table was silent when Ron finished. Sally beamed fondly at her husband and Otis decided to finally eat his carrots and greens.

 

Charlie smiled and realized that she had stopped playing with her food for sometime because she was engrossed with what Ron said to her.

 

“I-That was really nice Ron. Thank you,” she said.

 

Ron grinned. “You’re welcome.”

 
