“Oh no… It’s him… Sol Regem.”

“Who’s Sol Re-Gah!” Rayla whirled around and yanked the cloak from Callum’s bag unceremoniously, drawing the hood over Callum’s head, and suddenly he felt himself being dragged at a pace towards the canyon wall. Zym wriggled under his cloak on his back, chirping in confusion near Callum’s ear, until he felt the little dragon climb in blind panic into the rucksack.

They didn’t make it to the wall before a mighty crash in front of them signalled with dread what they were about to face. Callum’s face paled as he stared up at the monumental form of the sun dragon blocking the path into Xadia.

“Oh…. Hi! H-Hello there!” Rayla greeted, panic set in her voice. She gave a clumsy, nervous bow. Callum followed suit. The last thing he wanted to do was insult a dragon, let alone this one. “I’m Rayla! And this is my absolutely definitely fellow elf companion Callum! If you wouldn’t mind, Your Gracefulness, we would quite like to make it home-”

The Dragon’s head lowered slowly, blocking the way as Rayla attempted to step forward, and it turned to peer at Rayla with one giant azure eye. She shuffled closer to Callum, and her hand landed on his shoulder. He glanced across and could see the pained, very fake grin on her face.

For as incredible as she was, she was also unfortunately very bad at lying. Callum prayed to whoever might listen that the dragon wouldn’t pick up on her bluff.

The giant’s muzzle inched ever closer and he sniffed deeply, dragging the pair staggering towards him further. Then, an ominous and fear inspiring growl rumbled deep in his throat.

“O-Oh, Yeah we might smell like humans, they’re everywhere over there, y’know? Haha! But I’m sure it’ll wear-“

Huff.

The dragon exhaled and Callum’s hood was forcibly blown back off his head.

Rayla’s face scrunched up when she realised what had just happened and Callum shot her a mortified look. “Ah.” Was the only thing that left her lips as she glanced remorsefully back at the boy.

Sol Regem’s eyes blazed with icy fury and he encroached closer towards Callum, nostrils flaring. Rayla pushed herself between the dragon’s giant maw and the tiny human prince, her arms outstretched protectively. She was walking backwards, forcing Callum back, until he could feel his back against the stone wall, and when Rayla pressed into his chest, he could feel her trembling. Her palms hit the smooth rock each side of Callum, and he could hear the terrified laugh in her voice.

“Ahaha! Hahaha! N-Now I know this looks bad Your Highness, but there is a perfectly good and logical explanation for all this! Really!”

Smoke began to pillar from the mighty sun dragon’s nose, and lips peeled back to reveal more teeth than Callum thought possible, each sharper than any blade he had ever seen, and nearly as tall as him and the girl trying to protect his life with her own. A low rumbling growl shook the earth beneath their feet, and echoed through the canyon.

He raised his own trembling hands to find Rayla’s shoulders, hoping to offer any tiny shred of emotional support. He had become uncomfortably aware, staring up into that one bright and furious dragon eye, of the reality of the dire situation they were in.

In a few short moments, he could die. They could both die. And that would be it. There would be no hero’s welcome back to Katolis, no end to the war. No future for him or Rayla to grow up and find their own places in the world. He would never see his brother again. Tears stung in his eyes at the thought of Ezran all alone with no family left.

“Look, we are on a peaceful, diplomatic mission, of the utmost urgency, and we would both very much appreciate it if you didn’t… y-y’know. Kill us.” Rayla continued, one hand slowly peeling from the wall and very gently reaching up to rest on top of Callum’s, her fingers curling tightly around his palm. She was incredibly tense, still shaking slightly. He could tell she was in fight or flight mode, getting ready to yank him out of harm’s way if she needed to. 

Not that it would save them. If the dragon wanted them dead, they would be dead. There was nowhere to run, nowhere to hide. Perhaps she knew this too. Perhaps, just maybe her hand on his was a gesture that she would try even in the most hopeless of situations to protect him.

Slowly the dragon’s jaw unhinged, and it inhaled, Callum watched as tiny sparks began to ignite in its mouth, a bright red glow forming in the back of its throat.

In those few seconds, Callum wasn’t quite sure what happened. He was pretty sure he was screaming something, maybe yelling Rayla’s name as every muscle in his body locked up in fear, in hers too, as he tried desperately to drag her out of the way. But they weren’t going to be fast enough, there was no way. He staggered over, collapsing to his knees in his attempts to flee and felt Rayla drag him upwards, her arm suddenly around his shoulders, and the other wrapped around his waist and she was holding him as closely, as tightly as she could. Callum closed his eyes, bracing for the swift end about to befall them both, his own arms wrapping around Rayla. His heart ached. Only hours earlier they had crossed into Xadia, so sure that things were going to be okay.

This was it.

But the final strike never came. Instead a shrill, intense sound echoed through the canyon. Callum dared himself to peek an eye open, feeling Rayla shift slightly too, as curiosity took hold of her.

The sight was truly something to behold.

If giant, terrifying fire breathing dragons could look baffled, they would look like what Sol Regem did right now. For standing before him, was a very angry looking, yappy Azymondius, bounding up and down, little sparks of electricity jumping from his tiny jaws. 

Sol Regem closed his mouth very slowly, his one good eye peering down at the tiny dragon prince, and lowered his head again to get a better look, sniffing so hard that it bowled the baby dragon over backwards, and Callum felt Rayla squeeze him a little tighter as both of them stood their ground to lean against the gust.

Zym righted himself, then bounded back over, yipping angrily back at the giant in front of him. The Sun King made a softer rumbling noise this time in response, eyes full of… something else now. Not a burning fury, but a simmering curiosity.

Callum hadn’t realised how much he and Rayla had been trembling until he felt hers easing off, and her grip on him relax a little, as she perked up a little. Her ears that had been pinned back in fear were now pricked forward to listen intently.  

Her voice was almost a whisper. “…They’re talking.”

“About… About what?”

Rayla finally turned to look at him with a quizzical look. “I don’t know, I don’t speak dragon.”  

It was then that Callum realised how close her face was to his, but a smile worked its way across his face, and Rayla returned it with a small lopsided one and a head tilt.

They both slackened their arms around each other, but neither of them pulled away. They just held each other quietly as they both returned to watching the two dragons communicate.

It was a strange back and forth, low rumbles that caused loose stones to tumble down the towering canyon walls, and small yips and zaps back from the little storm dragon. The minutes it took felt like hours, until finally, Sol Regem leant forward and gave Zym a small lick, knocking the now, much more cheerful looking baby over. Then he stood tall, towering over the trio and spread his wings, and with a mighty crash as they hit the ground, he ascended into the sky briefly, to take his place back at his post, pausing to glare at the group before lowering his head back down, curling around the rocks.

As relief washed over Callum, suddenly, he felt his legs buckled beneath him, and Rayla too fell to her knees with a sigh, pulling a hand away from Callum to wipe at her forehead.

“Oh wow, I was certain for a minute that we were going to die.”

“Y-Yeah. That was intense.”

They were silent for a minute, sharing a look. And then, almost at the same time, they both began to laugh.

“We’re alive!”

“Of course we are! I didn’t doubt for a minute!” Rayla beamed back as she pulled him in for a hug, squeezing him around the ribs. 

Callum squeezed her back, still overwhelmed with giddiness, watching over her shoulder as Zym trotted proudly over.

When Rayla pulled away, she opened her arms wide as an invitation to the little dragon, who bounded excitedly the rest of the way over and jumped into them, tail wagging.

“Who’s the mightiest little prince in all of Xadia? Hmm?” She rubbed noses with Zym and he chirped back in delight.

Callum feigned mock offence. “Hey, I’m right here you know!”

Rayla laughed him off. “You can have that title when you stand up to a dragon a twenty times your size about to blast us into oblivion.” 

“That’s… actually fair, honestly.” He scratched the back of his head, suddenly aware his other hand hadn’t left Rayla’s shoulder. “I guess maybe we should uh… get going. Before he changes his mind.”

Rayla shuffled, bringing herself to her feet, Zym still purring in her arms. Callum stood too, suddenly feeling like he didn’t know where his hands were meant to go now that he’d taken a few steps back from her.

“Yeah… You’re right. We’ve still got a very long way to go, and…” She trailed off, frowning slightly as she looked down the path they were taking. “It’s going to be important that we try to get through as much of this canyon today as possible.”

“Why? Does something terrible come out at night that eats humans and elves and baby dragons?” He had meant it as a joke, but honestly, as the words left his mouth, he realised he had no scope for what Xadia was truly like. He felt completely unprepared, he had only heard stories from those lucky few who had entered Xadia and come back alive.

Most of the stories hadn’t been pleasant he reflected, as Rayla lead the way forward, and he did a little jog-walk to catch up to her.

“No, it’s not that… it’s the storms that’ll get you.”

“Stor-?”

“Not your kind of storm.” She jabbed him lightly in the arm with his elbow. “Sandstorms.”

“That doesn’t sound too bad.”

Rayla shot him a look. “Said by a prince who, I might guess, has never been in a regular sandstorm, let alone one from here.”

Callum opened his mouth to argue, then grimaced. “You… Okay. Point made.”

“Listen, Callum.” She stopped, turning fully to him now. There was something in her eyes, vibrant and intense, but gentle. Something was hiding behind those eyes. Something like fear.  “You’re on my home turf now… And you’re going to have to trust me. Things are going to get complicated, and maybe confusing for you at times, but I’m not going to let anything happen to you. To either of you. I promise.”

His own voice came out softer than he intended. “I do trust you, Rayla. More than anyone else in the world.”

Her eyes lit up as they widened, and as she turned back and begun to walk once more, he could have sworn he saw her lips twitch into a slight smile. Her cheeks seemed just a little pinker too, but perhaps, he thought, that was the sunrise reflecting over them both.

 

---

 

Rayla became increasingly antsy throughout the day, constantly checking the wind, her eyes darting about in case they needed to take shelter quickly. Zym had settled to rest against her shoulder, being carried in one arm. At some point, he had fallen asleep, the air whistling out of his muzzle with each breath.

The sun was hanging lower in the sky once more, and Callum’s legs ached from walking. They had only stopped once to forage for food and firewood, as Rayla had been insistent that they push onward.

“The storms here are so intense they can shred the skin clean off you, and if that doesn’t kill you then suffocating will.”

Callum cringed. “Oh. Joy.”

“They usually start to pick up around the evening time, so we’ll have to set up camp somewhere safe a little earlier than usual. The good news is they have early warning signs so as long as we keep our wits about us, we’ll be okay.”

“Right-” Callum’s foot collided with something smooth and hollow, and it rolled a short distance away. His stomach turned when he realised what it was. The horned skull stared back at him with lifeless eye sockets. He winced and by the time Rayla had turned to see why Callum had stopped, he had already placed a hand under the upper arm she wasn’t using to carry the sleeping dragon, and his other hand landed gently on top of her forearm, giving her a gentle tug to keep them moving forward. He heard a barely audible gasp from her, but she didn’t pull away.

“…You okay?”

Callum nodded quickly. “Y-Yeah, I just don’t want to end up like him.” He jerked his head back towards the skull, watching Rayla’s eye glance there, frown, and then regard him softly again, all in the space of a few of seconds.

“You won’t. You’ve got me to look out for you, remember?” She offered him a small comforting smile, and he felt his nerves settle a little. He nodded back to her.

They were walking quietly for a while, and while the hand on Rayla’s lower arm fell away to swing at Callum’s side, the other stayed resting gently curled around her upper arm. She didn’t pull away, in fact it seemed to bring the both of them some level of comfort after the tense morning they had left behind, and the lingering danger ahead of them.

The peace didn’t last for long. The air that had been still for so long, began to shift as a wind blew gently at first through the canyon. Rayla’s arm tensed under his hand as her eyes darted around furiously again. She stopped walking, bringing Callum to a halt too. When the breeze didn’t stop she turned to Callum and gave him a gentle nod.

“Keep your eyes open for somewhere we can hole up tonight. We need a cave against that wall there, to keep the sand from blowing in too much.” She pointed to the wall on their left. “As soon as you see purple mist on the horizon, that’s the signal.”

“S-Signal to what?”

Her eyes regarded his with intensity. “To run.”

They sped up their march forward, Callum pointing out various crevices and openings in the mighty canyon that they could shelter in, but none seemed to satisfy Rayla.

It was a race against time.

“Y’know what would be nice, Rayla? If we could go one day, just one day, without nearly dying.”

He heard her stifle a laugh as she pulled him along. “You might be asking the universe for too much-” She cut herself off and as Callum glanced away from her, he realised with horror what was approaching.

The horizon was tinged with lavender hue.

“Go.” She breathed out the word, and when Callum’s legs froze, he felt her pull her arm free, and a hand grab his own in a vice like grip. “Go!” She yanked him backwards and to the side, towards the wall he had just been searching for any signs for shelter. “There!” she motioned with her head to a crack in the side of the rock.

“But you said-“

“It’ll have to do!”

 Callum’s head swirled in panic, and he realised to his horror he could hear something from behind them. A whirling hissing noise, getting louder and louder. He could feel the wind picking up around him, particles of sand whizzing past him, and if there was any silver lining, it was that the fear gave him the motivation to run faster still. Zym was now wide awake, looking past Callum with a mix of surprise and terror, his little claws digging into Rayla’s arm and shoulder.

Rayla practically threw Callum into the opening, the prince landing with a dull thud on the ground, before diving in herself, just in time for a wave of sand and dust to rush past. The wind curled slightly as it first hit the wall, causing sand and dust to fly into the cave, And Rayla curled around Zym to protect him as best she could, but she was knocked over and forwards a few metres before landing stunned a few feet from Callum.

Callum protected his eyes feebly with one arm, crawling towards her and the dragon, to check they were unharmed. Slowly, the sand settled, the wind continuing its harsh assault outside, but no longer barged into their shelter.

“Rayla, are you okay?”

She coughed, eyes scrunched closed, still clinging to a shaking baby dragon. “Y-Yeah… Yeah I’m okay.” She opened an eye a crack, to meet his own gaze. “Are you okay?”

“I’m fine.” He smiled. “That’s two for two near disasters we’ve survived today!”

She laughed, coughed, and finally sat upright, sand flittering away from her as she did. Zym poked his head away from Rayla’s neck to blink with big eyes up at Callum. The elf and baby dragon had gotten off rather lightly, but were both dusted with sand. He reached over and brushed it absentmindedly out of Zym’s mane, who made a little gentle beep noise each time Callum batted the dust away.

“That was… too close.” Rayla looked over her shoulder and Callum followed her line of sight. Outside, a blur of red and gold rushed past the entrance, at wind speeds Callum never imagined possible. It was so powerful that he could feel the ground beneath them rumble slightly.

“How long do the storms usually last for?”

Rayla looked back to him. “It depends… Sometimes a few hours, other times all night long, or even late into the morning.”

“So we’re probably not going to sleep easy tonight.”

Rayla chuckled, brushing the sand from her own hair, clothes, and arms. “It’ll be fine. Honestly after everything we’ve had to deal with today… we’ll probably crash soon enough.”

 

---

 

 

Rayla was right. Once the fire was lit and the adrenaline had faded, the weariness hit them like a brick wall. It was still only evening, though the storm continued to rage outside, so it was hard to tell if the sun had completely set or not.

As usual for the young prince, Callum had settled to spend his time drawing, resting against the craggy wall. Zym had joined him a few minutes in, curling up next to his leg with his head resting on Callum’s lap. His hand found its way to gently scratch the dragon between the horns as his other hand worked its way across the paper.

“Do you mind if I watch?” He heard Rayla shuffle from across the fire. There was a faint hint of a smile on her lips, but her eyes looked tired. He didn’t blame her, he could feel it too. It had been a long first day in Xadia.

He smiled gently back at her. “Oh… no not at all.”

She scooted around their fire to sit next to him, and seemed content to watch his pencil glide across the paper, her head resting gently against the knee she was loosely hugging to her chest.

Over time, the image appeared on the page, of the Sun King, looming intimidatingly over a brave little Zym.

He tried to glance subtly at her every so often, and watched as after about half an hour, her eyelids began to flutter, and her head sank and rose ever so slightly, as she tried to fight off sleep.

Another half hour passed when she became still, eyes closed, one arm falling limply at her side. 

Callum felt an affection rise to his chest, as he finished off the shading on a section of Sol Regem, before closing his sketchbook as quietly as he could, and placed it back neatly in its sling.

He reached over tentatively, and placed a hand on her shoulder, giving it a gentle shake. “…Hey… Rayla.” He whispered under his breath. She inhaled sharply through her nose, brow furrowing for a moment as she first tensed and then relaxed, peeking a tired eye half open at him.

“Huh…What…?” Her voice was slurred from weariness.

“You’ll hurt your back if you fall asleep like that.”

True to his word, he watched Rayla raise a hand to the back of her neck and she sat upright, stretching backwards slightly until her shoulders hit the back wall. She yawned, rubbing at her bleary eyes, before she spoke again.

“I dozed off?”  Her voice was still soft, barely above a whisper, as though trying not to disturb the peace between them.

He chuckled quietly. “Yeah... It’s been a busy day though, I don’t blame you. I think it’s time we both get some sleep.”

She nodded, slowly rising to her feet. “I wanna see it tomorrow though.”

“Hm?”

“Your drawing.” She smiled back to him. “It was looking impressive, the last I remember seeing of it.”

Callum’s ego was boosted from the compliment and he cracked a cheerful smile back at her.

They settled down for the night a little further inside, Zym still fast asleep as she laid the little dragon down, her arms cuddled loosely around his scaly body.

 Callum wriggled to get comfy before settling on his side watching Rayla. He caught her eye and she smiled at him over the top of Zym’s head.

“G’night Callum.”

Despite the roaring of the wind outside, he could feel sleep tugging at his mind. He closed his eyes, a smile painted across his own lips. “Night Rayla.”

 

---

 

And then, everything was white. Almost blindingly so, for a moment, and Callum squinted, unable to focus on his surroundings.  

“Callum.” His name reverberated through his head. Like it was coming from inside his mind. A voice that felt… familiar somehow. And yet, so far off from anything or anyone he had ever heard before.

“Who… Where…” He wanted to turn around, but his body resisted. Everything felt so off. Like he was floating in nothingness. A fear began to bubble in his chest. Was he dead? He tried to recall back to his last memory. They had just settled down for the night… Had he died in his sleep? Had they been ambushed?

Rayla. Where was Rayla? His panic began to escalate as he called out into the empty white abyss.

“Rayla? Rayla are you-”

“She’s not here.” The voice was louder now, and the power in the woman’s words made him shudder.

Callum breathed in slowly, trying to calm himself, to slow his fluttering heart. “What have you done with her?” His voice cracked slightly and he mentally scolded himself. Not the impression of bravery he had wanted to make.

“This isn’t about her.”  Her voice was still firm.

Callum’s jaw clenched. “Where am I? Let me go! I need to find-”

“Relax.” The woman’s voice softened slightly, and, for a moment, Callum felt his body relax, and his fingers were able to twitch free of the unseen grip on him. “She’s perfectly fine. She’s back in the cave, fast asleep, next to you.”

“So I’m… I’m not dead?”

“Goodness, no. I should hope not. That would certainly throw a wrench in my plans.”  

As she said that, Callum felt the grasp on his body fade slowly away. He rolled his shoulders a little, stretching his arms out and tried to take a step forward. There was a strange disconnect, Callum realised, as his foot felt the ground beneath him, but he couldn’t see anything there. It felt like there was no sense of depth wherever he was, everything was just the same gradient of bright light.

With nowhere to go, Callum walked forwards. And as he did, colour began to paint like a watercolour around him, building the landscape, grass, trees, rocks, until he was standing in a forest clearing in front of a beautiful spring, sparkling under the midday sun. He could feel the warmth of the daylight on his skin.

“Where…?” He reached out timidly to touch the bark of one of the trees, walking ever closer still to the spring, his fingers brushing along the foliage as he did. It all felt so real. Too real. But… where had it been seconds before? Was this some sort of strange Xadia thing? A trick of his mind?

“Do not be afraid, Callum.”

Callum whirled around and suddenly he wasn’t alone. Standing before him was the figure of a woman he had never seen before, with mahogany skin and black wavy hair flowing down past her shoulders. A long flowing cape was drawn around her, obscuring most of her body, burgundy in colour, and the very ends of it danced like flickering flames. Though there was no breeze, the cloak was almost floating against some unfelt air current. The hood was drawn up, and because of this, Callum couldn’t tell if she was elf, or human.

But the most striking thing about her was her eyes. They were completely and utterly pitch black. But they sparkled… almost as though the night sky itself was trapped within them.

 “I… I wasn’t afraid.” It was the truth. Confused? Yes. Unsettled slightly? Perhaps. But afraid… for some reason, right now, Callum wasn’t afraid. He had been when he had thought Rayla had disappeared, but a wave of tranquillity had fallen over him. Was this some kind of spell…?

“I’ve seen what you’re capable of.”

Suddenly, Callum found himself rubbed the wrong way. “You’re not going to try and convince me to do dark magic again, are you? Because that ship has long since sailed and I’m never putting myself or anyone I love through that again-”

She rose a hand to silence him. “Calm yourself, young one.”

Callum swallowed back his words, and allowed her to continue. She stared him down silently for a moment, and Callum felt his heart begin to race. She held an air of immense power. The words that followed rattled Callum to his core.

 “Everything you love is going to end.”

“W-What?”

“Your world is in grave danger, Callum. Everything you know, everything and everyone you hold dear to you, it’ll all go away. All of it.”

Callum’s stomach lurched, and his heart pounded wildly, ringing in his ears. “Is this about the war? Because we’re trying, we’re really trying-“

“I know you are. But things have become more complicated. Danger is coming unlike anything you’ve ever faced before. Unlike anything anyone has faced before in thousands of years. And it is going to destroy… Everything.”

Callum felt numb. No. That couldn’t be right. This was all a dream. A stupid dream. He’d wake up any second now, and Rayla would be right there at his side, and they would be okay, and take Zym home, stop the war, live happily ever after-

“But. There’s something you can do to stop it from coming to that.”

Callum perked up, pulled out of his spiral of denial.

The figure stepped forward slowly to take a place by Callum’s side, and gestured with her head towards the sparkling water surface. “Reach into the water.” 

Callum hesitated, but it felt like he didn’t have much choice. He rolled up his sleeve, and slowly, cautiously, he reached out towards the water, dipping the tip of his fingers in. He flinched in anticipation, but when nothing happened, he relaxed a little. The flow of the water lapped calmly around his fingertips. It seemed like pretty regular water, and when Callum felt certain it wouldn’t suddenly kill him in some horrid way, he reached further into it.

It wasn’t very deep. It was only up to just past his elbow when he felt the mossy rocks lining the bottom of the pool, and he traced his fingers along until they bumped into something very obviously not a rock. His fingers curled around its shape and, with a little force, he pulled it out.

In his hand, he found something unlike anything he’d seen before. It was about the size of his palm, circular, its dark metal delicately shaped and woven together in curves. A pane of glass covered one side, and beneath it lay something swirling. Deep blue, like an ocean reflecting the midnight sky, flecks of gold rising to the surface every so often before sinking away once more. A golden arrow, also delicate, thin, and woven with bits of metal and etched spirals and shapes, sat on its surface. It was pointing at the woman in front of him.

“Is this… Is this a compass?”

“It will lead you where you need to go.”

It was quiet for a moment, as Callum ran his fingers over the intricate craftsmanship, his brow knitted together in a frown. “Why me?”

His eyes met hers and he felt uncomfortable for a moment as she regarded him with an unreadable stare. “There is something about you that I haven’t seen in thousands of years. A spark. An understanding. You were able to connect to the Arcanum despite being human. And if you can connect to one primal, I believe it’s not impossible you can connect to the others as well.”

“You… You really think?”

“Callum. There is something terrible and powerful coming, and you need to be ready to face that. You need to be the most powerful you can be if you have any chance at all of fighting back, and being able to protect the people you love.”

Callum felt a pit gnawing at his insides. “A-And… And what if I can’t?”

“Doubt is a powerful foe, young mage. There is hope, and you still have time. And you’re not alone. There are people who will guide you, support you, and fight by your side in this battle.”

Callum’s thoughts drifted to Rayla. She had stood by him through everything so far, and something panged in his heart. A confidence that she would stand by him through this as well.

They were in this together. They would always be in this together.

His voice came out cracked with emotion. “Okay.” And with that, the world around him began to flicker into dimness.  Panic set in for a moment, as he realised he had questions, too many questions, and not enough time to ask them all, so he blurted out the first one that came to his mind. “W-Wait! Who are you?”

The woman’s lips twitched up into a smile, her dark eyes softening before she faded completely from his view.

“A friend.”  

 

---

 

Callum’s eyes snapped open as he gasped in a breath, staring up at the ceiling of the cave in alarm. He turned his head immediately to his left, and felt the tension in his body fade.

Just as the mysterious lady had said, Rayla was fast asleep close by his side, her arms cuddling Zym to her chest, face half buried into his mane. Completely peaceful, her hair was falling slightly in front of her eyes. Callum resisted the urge to reach over and brush it aside, instead sighing softly as relief washed over him. She was okay. They were okay.

He rubbed his eyes, arms clumsy from grogginess and he sat up slowly, taking a look out of the cave entrance. The storm had ended, and all was silent. From how dark it was outside their temporary abode, it looked to still be the early hours of the morning. The sun wouldn’t be up for a few more hours at least.

Rayla stirred slightly, and he held his breath, hoping he hadn’t disturbed her. She tensed momentarily, before her shoulders slowly relaxed again and she buried her face a little more into Zym’s fur. He let his breath go again, turning once more to stare out at the starry night sky.

What was that? If it was a dream, it certainly hadn’t felt like one. It had felt too tangible, too real, as though he had been walking on another plane of existence entirely.  His hand clenched slightly, and he felt the cold of metal between his fingers, blinking in surprise.

The compass. It was there… in his hand, very real. But how…?

“…Callum? Is everything okay?” Rayla’s voice was quiet, half asleep, and as he turned to look at her, her violet eyes were only half cracked open, brushing the hair tiredly from her face with the back of her hand.

“It’s okay... Everything’s fine… I-I think. Go back to sleep, I’ll tell you in the morning.”

“It is the morning…” She attempted to protest, a tinge of wit in her grumbled voice, but her eyes were already closed again, and she didn’t press any further.  

Callum felt something in his heart flutter as he smiled fondly, watching her cosy back up into her little dragon companion. He tucked the compass away in his bag, and lay back down himself, shuffling a little closer to her before closing his eyes, feeling sleep tugging him away once more.

Things were going to be okay. As long as he had Rayla looking out for him… Things would always be okay.