“Prince Zuko?”

He flinched involuntarily. Every time someone came here and spoke his name, he always ended up with bruises and an extra scar or two.

Because the only one who did was his father.

The people who brought food said nothing. He was safe enough with them. The guards were silent, too. He saw their looks of pity though. The ones of the servers as well. They didn’t want him in here any more than he did. They couldn’t do anything about it, but the thought gave him slight comfort.

But when someone spoke his name…

He shivered at the thought.

“My prince?”

He let out a shaky breath and opened his eyes. His eyes, which had completely adjusted to the darkness after all these years, immediately squeezed shut again when he realized that there was a light in the room. A torch being carried in one of the guard’s hands.

Through his eyelids, he saw the torchlight decrease a bit. After another moment, he eased open his eyes once more.

His gaze landed on the guard with the torch first and then moved to the Fire Sage beside him. He furrowed his eyebrows. He didn’t think anyone knew he was down here but his father, his sister, and the servers and guards. Definitely not a Fire Sage .

“Can you hear me?”

Zuko swallowed. His mouth was dry. His throat was dry. They were always dry.

The water was never enough.

He nodded slowly.

“All right, that’s good, that’s good,” the Fire Sage breathed out. “Do you know why I’m here?”

Zuko thought for a moment. The only thing he could think of was-

“ My father? ”

His voice was so quiet that if the room wasn’t completely silent no one would have been able to hear it. It was weak and hoarse from disuse, and the never-ending cold that he stayed in probably didn’t help matters either.

The guard visibly winced at his voice, and the Fire Sage pursed his lips. “Yes, something did happen to him.”

Zuko raised an eyebrow as if to ask What?

The Fire Sage looked away for a moment before speaking again. “Your father… He was defeated by the Avatar. During Sozin’s Comet. Your sister was beaten down and eventually captured, but she was never officially crowned Fire Lord anyway and, well, your father never officially revoked your claim, so…” The Fire Sage looked like he didn’t really know what to say. He took a deep breath and turned to Zuko, looking the teenager in the eyes. “Prince Zuko, you are to be crowned Fire Lord this afternoon.”

Zuko’s eyes widened and he audibly gasped, even if it hurt his throat to breathe in so much cold air without attempting to heat it a bit in his mouth first. Fire Lord?

The Fire Sage sighed before turning to the guard and nodding.

The guard looked so relieved to open his cell that Zuko might have thought there was something wrong with her.

Another guard, one of the four assigned to watch Zuko throughout the day, opened the door for them. Zuko struggled to stand. He hadn’t stood in probably months. Maybe closer to a year. He had barely passed getting to his knees before he collapsed in a heap on the floor.

The two guards rushed forward toward him. They hovered at his side and after a moment Zuko swallowed his pride and nodded to the female one who had unlocked his cell. She gave him a tight-lipped smile before nodding to the other guard. She moved behind him and lifted him by the arms while the other guard lifted him by the legs. 

One of the two food servers was waiting outside with a wheelchair in front of her. She was wringing her hands together and looked about ready to cry when Zuko emerged from the doorway in the two guards’ arms and was lowered into the waiting chair.

He wondered why these people seemed so happy to see him. They saw him all the time.

Whatever. 

The Fire Sage walked by his side. The server girl pushed the wheelchair and the guards flanked her on either side. What a menacing group they must be. A Fire Sage. A servant. Two guards. And a crippled prince who was about to become the ruler of a broken nation.

They reached a flight of stairs and the server girl moved aside so that one guard could lift the wheelchair from the front and the other could lift from the back. They moved slowly up the stairs, and Zuko admired every crack in the stone, every flicker of a torch they passed. He savored it. It’d been so long since he’d seen anything but the same dark, cold stones. As they passed another torch, he ended faced a bit closer to it, and, Agni, was it warm .

He had forgotten what warmth felt like. True warmth. Not searing heat or the warmth you got when you were so numb it burned. Just… warmth …

Finally, they came to a door. The server girl slipped past them and opened the door, moving through it and holding it open. Zuko’s wheelchair was placed on normal ground again and the girl moved to push it once more. They moved through a final hallway before the Fire Sage opened a final door and-

They were in the palace.

Zuko hadn’t known, for the however-many years he had been down there, that he was being kept right under the palace . They just… popped right out of a random door in the wall into the palace. His home . As if it were nothing . They turned and Zuko was slowly wheeled through the corridors.

After years of stone walls and cold, biting air, there was suddenly the warmth that came from being at the heart of the Fire Nation. The royal palace, with its red decor and deep golden accents. Zuko felt tears welling up in his eyes, and his arms were too weak to wipe at them.

The curtains were all drawn. He wondered what that was for. The Fire Sage must have seen him furrow his eyes at the first of the covered windows they passed because he glanced at Zuko and said, “The servants heard you were coming out today. They made sure to cover all the windows in the palace that you might pass by on your way to your bedroom. So as to not overwhelm you with the light and fresh air of the outside world yet, I presume.”

The server girl gave a nod of confirmation.

They turned a final time and Zuko was greeted by a large door. He stared up at it as one of the guards moved to open it. This was… the door to his bedroom. A room he hadn’t been in in years. Just… here .

The guard opened it and the server girl wheeled him inside.

She bowed to the Fire Sage, the two guards, and then very low to Zuko before turning on her heel and leaving the room, closing the door behind her.

“Someone will be down soon to get you ready,” the Fire Sage said. Zuko nodded absently. He turned a bit and noticed the curtains drawn in front of the balcony of his room.

He spoke without realizing it at first. “I want to go outside.”

The three others jumped at his sudden words. “What?”

“I want to go outside.”

The guards exchanged glances before the Fire Sage sighed and nodded. “Very well.” He turned to the guards. The female one grasped the handles of Zuko’s wheelchair. The Fire Sage walked along beside him as the male guard moved over to the curtains. As they reached them, the man, his face solemn, pulled the curtains back.

Zuko winced at the light. It was so bright that it hurt .

“Was the sun always that bright?” He asked. The guards stifled laughter as the Fire Sage cracked a smile and nodded.

“Yes, my prince, it was.”

Zuko hummed. He hated how hoarse his voice still sounded. Hopefully, that would go away soon.

He let the warmth of the sun wash over him for the first time in years. He could tell if it was day or night for the first few months he was in the cell, at least, before he... couldn't, anymore, but this was different. This wasn't just feeling the sun, this was the sun.

For the first time ever, he was grateful for the thin rags he was forced to wear. It was a rough fabric that ground into his skin and it was thin, and there were no sleeves at all, so he was always cold. Always cold . Now, though, the thinness of the fabric and the lack of sleeves gave him so much more area to absorb the sun’s rays. 

Zuko was crying again.

“My prince! Are you all right?”

Zuko nodded and waved the Fire Sage off. “Fine,” he said, and the voice was still scratchy. He expected it would be for a long time. “Just… missed this.”

The Fire Sage nodded and backed down.

Zuko could have sat there for hours, but then there was a knock at the door. He nodded to the male guard who called for whoever it was to come in. A woman strolled in followed by two men carrying what looked to be very expensive clothes.

“My prince,” the woman said, bowing low to him when he was wheeled back inside. The men followed her lead. When she emerged from the bow, she finally seemed to get a good look at him as her eyes widened. She opened her mouth to speak but seemed to think better of it. She turned to the men and flicked her hand to the side. They set the clothing down.

She turned back to Zuko. “I am here to help prepare you for your coronation this afternoon.”

Zuko nodded. After a moment, he asked, “What’s your name?”

She blinked. “My… My name?”

“Yes, your name.”

The woman looked completely taken aback, and Zuko didn’t blame her.

In the Before (before the burn, that is), Zuko had been the only member of the royal family to be even slightly kind to those who worked in the palace. His mother had grown up out of the palace, with the common people, and had taught her to treat others equally. She had spent so much time with her son that he had grown up with many of the same ideals. They were roughened in the years between her banishment and his burning, but it was still there nonetheless.

Plus, the guards and servers were the only ones who showed any sort of kindness to him. He barely got any food, but on the days he was fed, he never failed to notice the small bit of extra rice or piece of fresh komodo chicken that somehow managed to sneak into the prison food he was being fed. He never failed to notice the guards outside trying to discreetly heat the food before the server girl brought it in. They never spoke, probably weren’t permitted to, but their gestures of kindness didn’t go unnoticed.

His years of imprisonment hadn’t been kind. In any way. But those few gestures made it just a bit more bearable.

He had softened, that was for sure. He lived in conditions on par with some of the worst peasants in the Fire Nation, or even the whole world, and he had gained a newfound respect for all of those lower in status than he who had to find a way to survive in the world. At least he was fed sometimes . Those people always went hungry.

Either way, he had come to understand that they were all human. Even the nations that separated them were just boundaries. They were all human, at the core of it all, and that had never been more prominent in his mind than now, as this woman stood before him, shocked to her core that he would ask her name.

After a moment, the woman seemed to find her voice. “Pim,” she said. Zuko nodded.

He looked over his shoulders at the guards. “And you?”

The guards looked just as shocked as the woman, if not more. They had stood by during his torture for years (not that they had a choice, he thought), and now he was asking their names as if it was the most normal thing in the world.

The female guard recovered first. “Ming, my prince,” she said.

“Lee,” said the other guard a moment later.

“Nice to officially meet you,” Zuko said. “I’m Zuko. Guess you already knew that, though…”

There was silence, and he wondered if he had said something wrong. Then, one of the men who had been carrying the clothes and had followed the woman in said nervously, “My name’s also Lee.”

All eyes turned to him, and he seemed like he wanted to sink back into himself. Zuko realized, suddenly, that this man was not a man. In fact, he looked younger than Zuko himself.

“Nice to meet you, Lee.”

Lee nodded.

The other man, who actually looked like a man , said, “My name’s Shu.”

“And it’s nice to meet you, Shu.”

Shu nodded.

Zuko whirled around to the Fire Sage. “And…you? What’s your name?”

“Shyu,” the Fire Sage responded. “I am the only one to survive an encounter with the Avatar at Avatar Roku’s temple because I defied Admiral Zhou and your father to assist the Avatar in speaking to his past life.” He paused. “I am… sorry if you are upset by this…”

Zuko observed the man for a moment. “You… helped the Avatar and defied my father?”

Shyu nodded slowly.

“Then you’re all right in my books.”

Zuko had never seen a man look so relieved and so confused all at once.

Pim turned to the two who had carried the clothes in and said, “Lee, Shu, you may leave. Thank you for helping me.” The two gave her a bow, then gave a lower one to Zuko, before turning and leaving the room.

“My prince, is it all right if we begin dressing you?”

Zuko swallowed and nodded. His throat was still dry.

As Pim turned to the clothing that had been set on the table, Zuko turned to one of the guards, Lee, and asked, “Do you think you could find me some water? My throat is unbearably dry”
Lee’s eyes widened beneath his helmet and he nodded. He disappeared from the room a moment later.

It had been a long time since there had been people willing to do anything that he asked, let alone full-on bow to his every whim.

When Lee returned with the water, he was sat down on the chair again and given the cup. His hands shook so much with it clutched in them that Ming ended up gently taking it from him and holding it to his lips herself.

Zuko took a small sip. Then another, then a full gulp, and soon enough the cup was gone. A small bit dribbled down his chin. He wiped it with the back of his hand unconsciously. He glanced up and saw Ming with a napkin in her hand, half raised toward his face to wipe it for him. He blinked as he realized this.

Huh.

He smacked his lips. The water had gone right into his stomach. His mouth was still dry. His throat was still dry.

“Can I have more?”

At that moment, as if on cue, the door opened and a servant walked in. In fact, it was the same server girl who had pushed him in the wheelchair before. She held a large jug of water with a ladle inside of it. She walked over to them and took the cup from Ming’s grasp. Lee took the jug from her and she ladled some more water into the cup before holding it to Zuko’s lips again.

He downed three more cups before deciding to let it rest to not drink so much that he throws it all back up.

He didn’t want that. When he had been imprisoned, he often threw up his food. That was when he appreciated the extra rice or chicken or something that was snuck in because he was barely ever able to keep down the first bit of food. There would be such large gaps between the time she was given food that his stomach would refuse to hold it at first. Then, he’d have the extra food to eat afterward to have something in his body.

When he would fall asleep, finally, he’d wake up an hour later (he barely got any sleep, of course) to find his cell cleaned.

Those were times that almost made him smile.

Almost .

He turned to the server girl as she took the jug, placed the ladle inside, grabbed the cup, and moved to place it all on a table. He asked her name, and she nearly dropped the jug in surprise before responding, “Keeli.”

The process of getting the robes for the coronation on was unbearably arduous. He still couldn’t stand on his own (Shyu suspected it would take weeks of therapy for him to be able to walk on his own), so it was basically two hours of being lifted by Ming and Lee while Pim dressed him with the help of Shyu.

Zuko refused to look down at his body as they changed him, staring straight ahead at a painting of a beach that hung on the wall. He had never noticed that when he had slept here for thirteen years. How?

He might not have looked at his chest or his arms or his legs, but the others in the room certainly did. Keeli constantly had tears in her eyes. Pim’s lips were tightly pressed shut, wobbling ever so slightly. Ming had to look away every so often, and Zuko tried to ignore the sniffles that came from her when she did. Lee’s eyes either were on his body or the ground. Mostly the latter. Shyu held his hands behind his back, standing ramrod straight, but Zuko didn’t fail to notice the way the man trembled ever so slightly once in a while.

With the way they were all acting, Zuko didn’t know if he wanted to see what he looked like.

So he didn’t.

As Pim adjusted a gold band near the shoulder, he asked the room, still staring at the painting, “How long was I imprisoned?”

There was silence.

Then, Pim turned to Keeli and said quietly, “There’s a calendar. In my… In my bag.”

Keeli nodded and grabbed the bag from the floor near the table. She shuffled through it before pulling out a scroll. She unrolled it and handed it to Ming. When the guard raised an eyebrow, Keeli’s face went red and she muttered, “ I can’t read .”

Zuko frowned. He’d have to change that.

After a long moment of quiet, Ming said, “My prince… I know how long you were… locked up…”

Zuko’s mouth was dry again.

“How long?”

A pause. Then-

“A few months over three years, my prince.”

Zuko felt something roll over him. Over three years? He would be sixteen, almost seventeen then. In fact, he was probably unrecognizable.

Even if you ignored the dozens of scars he surely had.

Plus the one he knew was on his face. His eyesight was bad in that one, and he could see the scarred red skin around it. He knew it was there. 

Zuko’s hair was choppy. It was messy, and it reached about his neck. It was never brushed. His hair had been shaved when he had been imprisoned and had grown out since then. It would get longer, of course, but over the years he was imprisoned, sometimes he would wake up to find it shorter as if someone had cut it when he was sleeping.

Zuko’s throat hurt every time he took in a breath. He wasn’t used to this warm air. Well, honestly, he wasn’t used to any air above freezing.

It was a wonder he wasn’t dead, honestly.

It also hurt to talk. It burned , honestly. Every word felt like running a knife along the inside of his neck. He would try to reduce the amount of talking he did, but he wondered how much he would be able to limit it when he was the ruler of a nation despised by the world.

Fire Lord .

The idea still wasn’t really fathomable in his mind. Every since the start of the After (after being imprisoned, that is), he had banished all ideas of anything but cold stone walls, deafening silence, and hot pain. He lived in that cell, and he expected that, when his father finally grew tired of him, he would die in that cell.

Forgotten to the world.

Fire Lord Ozai’s failure son, who rebelled against his father, and paid the price. A boy lost to history.

Would anyone even know his name?

But now…

Now he was going to become Fire Lord. He was going to be the one thing that had been unreachable to him. The one thing that his father had used against him was now within his grasp.

Finally, he was placed down in the wheelchair one final time.

“Would you like to look at yourself, my prince?”

Zuko nodded and Keeli moved behind him at Pim’s beckon to grab the handles of the wheelchair, pushing him toward a mirror at the other side of the room.

He realized, suddenly, that his old bedroom was larger than probably ten of his cells combined. Probably more, actually.

He blinked, and his reflection blinked back.

He was in front of the mirror, staring back at himself.

Zuko, honestly, did not recognize himself.

He had always been pale, but this was insane. He was as white as a sheet of paper, and his skin looked sickly. It was sickly, honestly.

His face was sunken. He looked like he was dying. Well, he was dying, slowly, every moment that he was in that cage.

Locked up like an animal.

His skin was pale, and the scar on his face stood out like a sore thumb.

The skin of it was mottled. He swallowed down a lump in his throat and resisted a wince. That hurt . The scarred skin was dark around the eye, lightening as it branched out, ending around his ear. He could still see the golden iris of his eye within the depths of the leathery skin.

His hair was thin and the rich color it had always had was faded. He wondered if he could ever get that color back. He hoped so. He liked it. It was his mother’s hair.

Zuko knew, somehow, that the rest of his body was as bad as what he could see here. He couldn’t stand. He had barely eaten while locked away. He was, honestly, probably nothing more than skin and bones. 

A shell of what he once was.

A broken boy, who was chipped away at for years by his father, and yet refused to yield.

He wondered if that was how the world would see him.

He was weak, but he managed to clench his fists. If they wanted to view him that way…

He would make that change…

“Thank you,” he said. He was acutely aware of how scratchy and hoarse it was again.

Pim bowed to him. “Of course, my prince.”

He was wheeled out of the room and into the corridor. They slowly brought him to one of the many baths. Once inside, his wheelchair was pushed up against one of the fountains and his head was gently coaxed backward, as his neck apparently did not want to bend that way.

Finally, Keeli was working her fingers through his hair. She was gentle, carefully undoing knots and tangles whenever they turned up, not grimacing at the dirt and blood he knew laced the strands and must be turning the water dark.

He wondered if she was the one who cut his hair every month as it grew longer.

When his head was raised from the water, a few bursts of hot air were provided by Shyu to dry it quickly. Keeli brushed through it again with a comb before Pim took over to pull it up into a royal topknot. Zuko didn’t really want to wear the traditional style, but he knew he had to for the coronation.

There was the sudden sound of bells ringing in the distance.

“What is that?” He asked.

“The coronation is ready to begin,” Shyu said, gazing in the direction the bells were coming from. “They’re going to speak for a bit, and then you’re going to go in and be crowned.”

Zuko nodded. “Who is present for this?”

“The remaining Fire Sages. Guards. Nobles. The usual. There’s a large gathering of common folk beyond the gates, though.”

Zuko thought for a moment before turning to Shyu and saying, “Open the gates to them.”

The Fire Sage blinked and he was aware of the others gaping at him, but he refused to back down. “What?”

“Open the gates. Let the common folk in.”

“But… why?”

“I am to be their Fire Lord, too,” Zuko said. “They deserve to witness me become it.”

Shyu was frozen for a moment before bowing. “Of course, my prince. I’ll go tell them right away.” And with that, he was gone.

Zuko turned to Keeli, who was now gripping his chair, her knuckles white. He could tell she was fighting not to cry, but for the first time that day, it seemed like she was fighting happy tears.

“Can you bring me to the door I need to go out of?” He asked. “I’d like to listen to what they say.”

They made their way through the palace, the only noise being distant sounds from outside and the rumble of the wheels below him against the ground.

Finally, they made it to the front doors of the palace in front of the main courtyard. Keeli positioned Zuko directly in front of them before turning to Ming. She was shaking a bit as she asked the female guard, “Could you please help me get put together?” 

As the two worked on that, because Keeli wanted to look her best when she pushed his chair out for him to be crowned, apparently, Zuko strained to listen to what was happening outside.

“ Two days ago, on the day of Sozin’s Comet, the Avatar Aang and his allies defeated the Fire Lord Ozai and the Princess Azula, ending the war. Now, we are here to crown a new Fire Lord. Fire Lord Ozai’s firstborn son, and official heir to the throne, the Prince Zuko!”

There was an insane amount of cheering. It sounded as if the whole capital city was out there. He thought back to when Shyu had said there was common folk gathered outside the gates, and when he had commanded they be let in. He supposed that it might be the whole of the capital city.

“ Let us celebrate the return of our Crown Prince, who left all those years ago! Prince Zuko! ”

Then, the doors slowly began to open. Keeli, whose hair was now straighter and pinned back using a band from Ming, scrambled over and grasped the handles. Zuko couldn’t see the crowd yet. Then, the doors were all the way open and Zuko was wheeled forward.

The cheering increased.

Then, he was in view of the people.

And everyone fell silent.

It was so instantaneous, they might as well have all dropped dead. 

Keeli held her head high. Her sandals against the stone as she slowly pushed him forward was the only sound in the whole courtyard.

Zuko’s golden eyes quickly scanned the crowd. They were all Fire Nation. 

No Earth Kingdom.

No Water Tribe.

No Air Nomads.

No Avatar.

Just… his people. He could see the noble at the front, barely blocked off from the excited commonfolk by a small line of guards. It mattered not, though. All eyes were on him. No one moved. All was silent.

Then, Ming and Lee moved forward from the doors as one solid unit as Keeli rolled him to a stop.

The two guards picked him up, Ming by his arms, Lee by his legs, and placed him in front of the Fire Sage. They held him up a bit more and he moved his legs so that when they set him down again, he would be on his knees, facing the people.

His people .

All was quiet as the Fire Sage moved in front of him and, slowly, placed the crown into his topknot.

Then, the man backed away, and opened his mouth, but then stopped when Zuko raised his hand.

All was quiet.

Zuko grit his teeth and moved one leg to where it was in front of him. Then, slowly, he braced himself and pulled himself to his feet.

His legs trembled, and he nearly fell backward, but he had to do it.

He had to stand.

For himself.

For his people.

For his nation .

Then, he was on his feet. His whole body shook a bit from the effort, and he wanted nothing more than to sink into the wheelchair a few feet away, but he refused to yield. He looked out at his people as the Fire Sage picked up where he had left off.

“All hail Fire Lord Zuko!”

There was a pause, then it was repeated in full. Every person there said it, screamed it, and it was so loud that Zuko was sure that it could be heard all the way in Ba Sing Se. He felt a smile appear on his lips. The first real one in over three years. A tear slipped from his one good eye.

“ All hail Fire Lord Zuko! ”

“ All hail Fire Lord Zuko! ”

“ All hail Fire Lord Zuko! ”