There was a low kind of hum in the air in anticipation of the day’s meeting. Most of them had arrived a little early, even Barry, which was hilarious. For all his speed, it took a miracle for him to be on time for anything.

But that was today. A miracle.

Batman was not going to be at this afternoon’s meeting due to an injury. Anything that could keep him away from a meeting was cause for immediate concern, and a heavy feeling of foreboding permeated the air until it was overridden by something else - because Batman was sending a representative. Batman, who worked alone. Batman, who enforced his “no metas in Gotham” rule with an iron fist and a glare that could strip paint from a tanker.

Batman had someone he trusted enough to speak for him. He trusted the Justice League to an extent, that was true, but not like this. The excitement was palpable. Even the unflappable J’onn looked intrigued.

Barry bounced in his seat, a red blur, then rushed from the room. Apparently, all the waiting had created a need for the toilet. Diana and Clark watched him go, faintly amused. Shayera just snorted.

Seconds later, the Zeta tube announced the arrival of someone new. All heads turned towards the door, and the animated chatter hushed.

The figure melted out of the shadows in much the same way as Batman, striding towards the table smoothly and soundlessly. Naturally, Barry chose that moment to come barrelling back into the room, almost crashing into their visitor, who flipped out of his way with inhuman grace. It was impressive, though expected. Batman associated himself only with people worth his time.

‘Did I miss them?’ Barry said, just slow enough for the rest of them seated around the table to discern the words.

The figure, coming further into the light, laughed brightly. ‘Just about. It was a close one.’ The league could see him now - and it was a him - he was shorter than Batman and less muscled, dressed head to toe in black kevlar, a bird emblazoned on his chest in midnight blue. In holsters at his waist were two metal escrima sticks, and a black domino mask covered his eyes, the blank white lenses eerily reminiscent of Batman. He cut an intimidating silhouette.

The league found themselves at a loss. Batman’s representative had just laughed. Barry, standing before him, frozen, looked as if he didn’t know whether to be horrified or delighted.

‘I’m Nighthawk, by the way,’ he continued, grinning. ‘B sent a message earlier - about me being his stand-in for the meeting? He said you’d replied.’

If Nighthawk registered the surprise on some of their faces at the casual use of a nickname, he didn’t show it.

Diana nodded and smiled, taking the initiative. ‘How is he? We were all worried to hear he was hurt. It is unlike him.’

‘He should be fine in a few weeks. There was a mass breakout from Arkham, and he tried to round them all up without backup, the idiot.’ Nighthawk sounded fond and exasperated at the same time. Hal barked a laugh from the other side of the table. It was the first time any of them had heard Batman called an idiot. Clark looked like he didn’t know whether to reprimand him or join in.

Nighthawk’s grin grew wider as he carried on, ‘His arm is broken in two places, he has four stab wounds and he was bleeding internally. He’s currently stable and conscious, but he asked me to cover for him for your next few meetings.’ He made his way over to Batman’s chair. ‘He is so going to regret this. This is the most fun I’ve had in ages - he thinks I’m going to ruin his “stoic image”.’ He accompanied his last sentence with honest-to-god air quotations. Hal looked like he was going to pass out. Shayera leaned forward, intent.

‘This is B’s chair, isn’t it? I’m not stealing anyone else’s? Is Aquaman in Atlantis? What about Green Arrow?’ Nighthawk asked, turning to Clark.

Clark cleared his throat. ‘That is Batman’s chair, yes. Aquaman’s is over there. He’s not here today. Green Arrow is on business in Star City.’

‘Aquaman’s got a kingly meeting to go to, or something,’ Barry said, eating a burrito he’d summoned seemingly from nowhere, while he watched Nighthawk intently like he was going to blow up.

Nighthawk nodded sagely, looking like he was trying very hard not to laugh. He then opened a compartment in the armrest of the chair (to everyone’s surprise - since when had they had those?) and pulled out a batarang to fiddle with. J’onn tried to do the same surreptitiously, to no avail. Apparently that was just Batman’s chair, which of course begged the question of how Nighthawk knew about it. No one asked. It was probably wise not to.

‘I’m glad he’s feeling better,’ Clark powered on, feeling like everything was starting to get a bit out of hand. ‘Shall we start the meeting?’

There was a chorus of “aye”s, and Nighthawk’s whole demeanour changed. The grin was gone like it was never there. He looked ready and capable. Dangerous.

The meeting carried on smoothly, with a few astute observations from Nighthawk. He remained mostly quiet, watching and waiting like a cat ready to pounce, in sharp contrast to his earlier good cheer. Clark, sitting by his side, felt a little nervous. Nighthawk reminded him of when he had first met Batman, before he’d gotten to know him a little better, though the grin and the laughter made the switch to seriousness a little more eerie.

The meeting was adjourned, the atmosphere still a little tense. Usually, the league would wander off to attend to business or to their rooms, but today they remained seated, watching the newcomer.

Nighthawk flipped the batarang over his knuckles repetitively, smiling around at all of them. ‘I should probably get back to Batman, summarise the meeting for him. You know how he gets.’ And then, in an incredibly accurate imitation of Batman’s gravelly voice, ‘I am the most paranoid man in the world. I must have all the information, always. I can’t even miss one meeting. I am allergic to fun. Mua ha ha.’

Barry choked on his own spit, Hal howled with laughter. Shayera and Diana exchanged glances and giggled. J’onn smiled and Clark looked pained, then chuckled.

Nighthawk looked delighted. ‘B said you were fun. It was nice to finally meet you after all we’ve been hearing.’

‘He said we were fun?’

‘We?’

Nighthawk let out another of his bright peals of laughter. ‘Well, he’s never said it directly, but you learn to speak Batman over the years. Forced exposure, and all that.’

Diana realised with a jolt that none of them had actually asked Nighthawk how he knew Batman. And she was just as curious as the rest of them about the “we”. It implied Batman worked with more people. ‘How did you come to know Batman, Nighthawk? Does he have any other friends?’

Nighthawk’s mouth fell open, and he snorted, which evolved into full-out laughter. ‘I’m sorry. Oh my god - friends?’

Diana felt a little hurt on Batman’s behalf. ‘Are you not his friend?’

Nighthawk shook his head. ‘Did B really not say anything? I’m hurt. No, I’m not his friend. I’m his son.’

You could have heard a pin drop.

J’onn bravely broke the silence. ‘I was not aware Batman had children.’

Nighthawk pouted. It was oddly adorable. ‘Okay, now I’m really hurt. Does B not talk about us at all?’

Clark cleared his throat, feeling like something had died in it. ‘He doesn’t really talk much. Uh, I think it’s the secret identity thing, maybe?’

With a frown, Nighthawk snorted. ‘No, he’s probably just shy. And afraid we’ll embarrass him.’ He brightened considerably. ‘I’ll make sure the rest of us get to see you all at some point. B should talk more. God knows he needs some more fun in his life.’

Everyone else seemed to find their voices at once, talking over one another like children. Barry won the battle to be heard by virtue of zooming round the table to stand closest to Nighthawk. ‘How many children does he have? Why have we never met any of you before? Where are you all from?’

Nighthawk just grinned, looking ecstatic at the prospect of mischief. ‘That would ruin the surprise, don’t you think?’ He headed towards the door. ‘You’ll see us all soon, I’ll make sure.’

Barry turned around to gape at the others. When he turned back, Nighthawk was gone.

‘Fucking ninja.’ Hal growled.

Shayera hummed contemplatively. ‘They are most definitely related.’