Waiting.

That’s all Tim did anymore.

Wait.

Wait for his parents to come home. Wait for the housekeeper to come over. Wait for school to start back. Wait for Batman to swing past his hiding spot.

Wait.

Lots and lots of waiting.

Just like he was doing now.

As he waited for his dad to pick him up from school.

He’d promised, hadn’t he? Hadn’t he said that morning he would pick Tim up? Because he and Mom had come back in time for the New Year, and now were in town until mid-February.

February.

Dad was going to drive Tim to and from school every day for over a whole month.

Right?

That is what he said, after all. Tim was pretty sure. He had a good memory. And Dad had promised.

But then again….

Dad wasn’t here.

School let out an hour ago, and Dad wasn’t here.

Tim looked down at his empty lock screen for the fifteenth time in the last five minutes, hoping that this time there would be a text he’d somehow missed.

Despite turning silent mode off.

And turning the ringer to full.

3:52, his phone said. Now one hour and two minutes past when school let out.

Had Dad forgotten?

Tim had texted. Twice. Once fifteen minutes after school let out, and then thirty. Then he called, at 45 minutes after.

Should he call again? He didn’t want to be too annoying, because what if Dad was busy?

What if he had an important meeting and all of Tim’s nagging was ruining it for him?

Maybe he should just call Mom.

But, no. She was out with friends today. Friends she hadn’t seen in six months. She’d been so excited about it, and wasn’t supposed to come home until after dinner. That’s all she talked about at breakfast. Tim shouldn’t bother her.

He should just wait.

But… it was cold. And Tim needed a ride home.

No. No, Dad would come get him when he could. Especially since he had two texts and a missed call from Tim. There was no way he could forget. That would remind him.

Hopefully.

Otherwise he’d need to call a cab, and he’d rather do that sooner than later.

Again. It was cold.

“Drake,” a voice behind him said, making Tim jump so hard he was mildly surprised he didn’t fall off the curb he was sitting on.

“Oh,” Tim said, when he turned around to see who had spoken to him. He was more surprised to see Damian Wayne standing there, looking slightly annoyed, but mostly curious.

The whole calling him by his last name was new, though. Damian was such a weirdo, sometimes. Because Tim knew he wasn’t doing it in a snobby way, the way other kids at Gotham Academy did. Throwing your last name back in your face, if you weren’t from one of the ‘old money’ families. Damian wasn't like that. He was weird, for a billionaire's kid.

But then again, when your dad is literally Batman, you were bound to turn out weird. And definitely nothing like the snobs around them.

“Wayne?” Tim said, grimacing at himself as he turned back around. He didn’t really know how to talk to Damian. How does one talk to one of Batman’s kids?

Why would Damian want to talk to him, anyway? He knew Nightwing and Batgirl personally. Tim was just… Tim.

No one wanted to talk to Tim.

“Why are you sitting outside?” Damian asked, hopping off the sidewalk and practically bouncing down to sit next to Tim, “Is your caretaker coming?”

“Oh, uh,” Tim said, clicking his phone screen on and off again, just long enough to frown at it again. He didn’t know why, but everyone thought Mrs. Mac was his nanny, or something. She wasn’t. His nanny got fired last year, and Mom and Dad felt he didn’t need a new one. Not if Mrs. Mac drove him to school.

But regardless, she wasn’t coming, since she took vacation while his parents were in town. “No. My dad is supposed to pick me up.”

Damian narrowed his eyes and almost glared at him, like Tim were a puzzle he was trying to solve, then asked, “Why is he late? Did he have car trouble too? Alfred got a flat and had to change it.”

“Um,” Tim started, but he really wasn’t sure what to say. He didn’t know why Dad wasn’t there. Well. Okay. He did know. Probably. But it’s not like he could just say his dad forgot about him. That would make people think Dad was bad, because only bad parents forget about their kids. That’s what they always say on TV and stuff. But Dad wasn’t bad. He was just very, very busy, and usually someone else picked Tim up, so it wasn’t even his fault he forgot.

Tim didn’t want people to think Dad was bad.

Plus, he wasn't really sure that’s what happened. Not entirely. He could just be very busy at work.

Before he could figure out how to answer Damian, he was saved by Mr. Pennyworth’s car pulling up. Or, technically Mr. Wayne’s car, probably, but Mr. Pennyworth was definitely driving it.

Damian launched to his feet, and grinned widely when Mr. Pennyworth stepped out.

“Good afternoon, Master Damian,” Mr. Pennyworth said while opening the backdoor for Damian, “I apologize for my tardiness.”

“That’s okay, Alfred,” Damian said, still grinning widely as he placed his backpack in Mr. Pennyworth’s outstretched hand, “Ms. Harris let me hang out with the art club. We made clay sculptures!”

“That is fantastic.” Once he placed Damian’s backpack inside the car, he turned to Tim and said, “Hello, young Mr. Drake, is it? Do you have a ride coming?”

Tim nodded, but before he could respond, Damian said, “He said his dad was supposed to get him but he’s not here.”

“Oh my, do you know when he will arrive?”

“Um,” Tim said, unlocking his phone again to check his texts. He couldn’t help the frown that formed on his face again, because Dad hadn’t even read his texts yet.

He hadn’t even opened the text line.

Alfred seemed to see his texts, because he frowned, too.

“Well, I would be more than happy to give you a ride home, if you think it'd be all right with him.”

“That’s okay, Mr. Pennyworth, I don’t want to bother you,” Tim said quickly, shoving his phone into his pocket. Dad would certainly not be happy about him begging a ride off a neighbor. Especially Bruce Wayne’s butler. “I’m sure Dad is on his way.”

And even if Dad didn’t mind, surely Mr. Pennyworth had far more important things than drive Tim home. He could just call a cab.

“Nonsense, young sir, it is no bother. We will pass your house, regardless.”

“That’s okay, my dad-“ Tim started, but stopped when Mr. Pennyworth picked up his backpack and smiled at him.

“-would surely prefer you wait some place warm while he takes care of whatever emergency has delayed him.”

Tim hesitated for a second longer, even after Mr. Pennyworth had placed his bag in the trunk and Damian had scooted to the middle seat, so Tim could sit next to him. He really couldn’t turn this down, could he?

“Excellent,” Mr. Pennyworth said, when Tim finally got into the car, “Why don’t you let your father know I’m giving you a ride, and that I would be happy to speak with him if necessary, all right, lad?”

Nodding, Tim watched as Mr. Pennyworth shut the car door for him, then fished his phone out of his pocket.

Dad wouldn’t want to talk to Mr. Pennyworth. He’ll probably want to talk to Tim later, though…

When his text said ‘delivered,’ Tim just frowned down at it. Because now there were three texts all in a row, all from Tim. And none were marked read. The last text Dad had read happened nearly a week ago.

Hopefully nothing bad had happened…

Mr. Pennyworth cleared his throat, making Tim look up and see that he was looking straight at Tim, using the rearview mirror. “I must insist you wear your seat belt, young sir.”

“Oh,” Tim said, looking down at himself, then back up at Mr. Pennyworth. Smiling a little shyly, Tim quickly buckled himself in, then muttered, “sorry.” Of course the Batman family would take stuff like that seriously.

Dad and Mrs. Mac didn’t.

Which was fine, since they never got into accidents.

Before he even realized they’d started moving, they were stopping again. This time, in front of the middle school. And Tim just froze a little.

Because that could only mean one thing.

And sure enough, before Mr. Pennyworth had even managed to get out of the car, Jason Wayne had opened the door opposite Tim and slipped into the car.

The Jason Wayne.

“Geez Alfie, how many times I gotta tell you I can get in the car all by myself.”

“Forgive me, Master Jason, for performing my duties.”

Jason grinned as he fastened his seatbelt, then turned that smile on Tim and said, “Hey. The half pint has friends. Who woulda thought. I’m Jason.”

“He’s our neighbor,” Damian interjected.

“Neighbor? We don’t have neighbors.”

“Sure we do,” Damian said, pulling out his phone to start playing some game on it, “and Tim’s one.”

“Where do you even live,” Jason asked, leaning forward so he was looking straight at Tim, around Damian.

“Um,” Tim stuttered, feeling a little stuck. Because, again, Jason Wayne was talking to him.

The kid Batman had quite literally hand picked. The kid who overcame homelessness and who knew what else to rise to the top of his class. The kid who had already given speeches at galas, and attended board meetings for the charity he started, and had somehow convinced everyone in Gotham that he was far more than a ‘street rat,’ despite what a few still murmured about him.

And, most importantly, the kid Batman was probably training to be like Robin.

Just like he’d adopted and trained Dick Grayson, before him.

Tim spent many-a-hours wondering what name Jason would pick. And why it’d been a year and a half since Batman picked Jason up, and he had yet to make his debut out on the streets. There had to be some reason, because it wasn’t like Jason didn’t have the right temperament.

Perhaps Batman had a height and weight requirement. Jason was still really small for his age, caused by the malnutrition of his life in Crime Alley, no doubt.

“Next door,” Damian said, rolling his eyes, “Right, Tim?”

“Yeah, I guess,” Tim said, nodding mutely, “I- I live next door.”

Jason huffed out a silent laugh, then said, “There is no next door, kid.”

Damian scoffed, then looked up at Tim and said, “Ignore my brother, he’s an idiot.”

“Fuck you, demonbrat,” Jason retorted, just to get an immediate withering glare from Mr. Pennyworth.

“Master Jason, that will be another 30 minutes of chores.”

“Aw, come on, Alfie, he started it! He called me an idiot.”

Tim sank down in his chair, unsure how to behave while Mr. Pennyworth continued to chastise, “Two wrongs do not make a right. Master Damian, do refrain from name-calling. And none of this is any way to behave in front of a guest.”

“Sorry, kid,” Jason grumbled, while Damian, similarly, said, “Sorry, Tim.”

“Um.”

“So,” Jason said, before Tim could figure anything else to say, and Tim was starting to see a pattern. The Wayne kids were really high energy, apparently. And talkative. Not entirely shocking, based on Nightwing’s behavior. “If you’re Damian’s friend that lives next door, how come you never come over? You totally could, get the brat off my back for a while, ya know?”

“Jason,” Damian whispered, only making Jason grin wider at Tim.

“Well, I’m not really…” he started, but stopped, because he didn’t want to say Damian wasn’t his friend. Even though they weren’t friends, since Damian was eight and Tim was ten. They were also two grades apart. And had never spoken before. Not really. But saying someone wasn’t his friend was very rude, and he didn’t want to be rude to Damian Wayne. Or anyone, actually, but especially not one of Batman’s kids.

That just seemed… awful. Like an awful, terrible thing to do.

“Uh. Mr. Pennyworth is just giving me a ride home, is all.”

“Alfred, young sir,” Alfred, apparently, said, “None of this ‘Mr. Pennyworth’ nonsense.”

“Um, yes-yessir, uh, Alfred.”

“Geez, relax, okay?” Jason said, settling himself down as he started up a game on his phone, too, “we’re not gonna eat ya.”

“I…” Tim said slowly, blinking a couple times, “didn’t think you were?”

Was he acting bad? Yeah, he was a little anxious, but was it really that obvious? He always tried very hard to not let his feelings show.

He didn't want to seem ungrateful for this ride, or anything. What if that was how they interpreted his lack of talking? Maybe he should say something.

But, then again, he didn't really want to bother any of them. And he couldn't think of anything to say that didn't sound stupid.

“Has your father responded, young sir,” Alfred asked, after a minute had passed in painful silence. Tim was so grateful for the distraction, he answered immediately.

“No, sir.”

“Hmm. What about your mother, is she available?”

“Well, she’s out with her friends today and wasn’t supposed to get back until tonight.”

“Is there someone at home for you, then?” Alfred asked, quickly casting concerned eyes at Tim through the rear view mirror.

“Uhh…”

“Your nanny, perhaps?”

“I don’t have a, uh, nanny,” Tim said, and by the way Alfred frowned harder, he realized he’d given the wrong answer. He wasn’t sure what was wrong about it, since it’s not like Tim couldn’t take care of himself. He didn’t need a nanny, and he still didn’t understand why everyone just assumed he had one.

“Your parents travel a lot, do they not?” Alfred asked,

“Yes, sir.”

“Does someone else take care of you, then? While they are away?”

“Like, cook me food and take me to school?” Tim asked, hoping that was what Alfred meant by ‘taking care of him.’ Because it’s not like he was a baby, who quite literally needed to be cared for. He was ten. He could get dressed and go to bed all by himself.

When Alfred nodded, Tim smiled and said, “Yeah, Mrs. Mac does that.”

“Excellent,” Alfred said, looking relieved, “Will she be home for you?”

“Uh, no. She’s on vacation right now. Mom and Dad are doing all that this month.”

“Hmm, well,” Alfred said, as they crossed the bridge into Bristol, “I would feel much better if you spent the afternoon with us. Perhaps I could call your father and leave a message for him? I couldn’t in good conscience leave a child alone for an undetermined amount of time.”

“I-“ Tim started, but then froze. Because crap. He couldn’t just…. Go over to the Waynes house.

To Batman’s house.

They had stuff to do! Really important stuff, and if Tim were stuck there for a while, waiting on Mom and Dad to come get him, they wouldn’t be able to do that stuff! Because they didn’t know he knew, and if he told them, Batman would probably make him stop. Or tell his parents, and they’d make him stop.

He- he-

Photographing Batman and Nightwing and Batgirl was the only fun thing he had in his life. He couldn’t stop. He couldn’t-

“Want to play the Nintendo with me?” Damian asked, so suddenly, Tim startled at his voice.

“After homework,” Alfred said, turning onto their road and passing right by Tim’s house.

“Aw, Alfred,” Damian whined, “Can’t I do that later. It’s Friday and we never have people over. I want to play Mario Kart with Tim.”

“We had young Mr. Kent over just last week,” Alfred said, as they pulled through the Wayne Estate gates.

“And Roy’s over all the time,” Jason added, just making Damian scowl at him.

“We were babysitting Jon because he’s five, he doesn’t count, and Roy is your friend,” Damian pouted, “Please, Alfred. I promise I’ll do it all tomorrow. First thing in the morning.”

Alfred gave Damian a serious look, then tsked at him. “First thing in the morning.”

“All right! Tim, want to play Mario Kart with me? We also have lots of other games, if you don’t like that one.”

“Um.” Tim wasn’t really sure how to respond to that. No one had ever invited him to play video games with him before. He had Mario Kart, but he’d never played it with friends before.

Because… he didn’t have friends.

His last nanny played with him, though. So it’s not like he didn’t know how to.

“Better say yes, Timbo. He doesn’t take ‘no’ for an answer, anyway.”

“Shut up, Jason.”

“Make me, squirt.”

Alfred put the car in park, inside the largest garage Tim had ever seen, and said, “Must I remind you to behave yourselves in front of our guest?”

And as Jason and Damian poured out of the car, Tim felt absolutely dazed.

Because here he was, in Bruce Wayne’s house, about to play video games with his son.

All while Alfred kept calling him a ‘guest’ and Jason grinned at him and kept talking to him.

That…

Tim wasn’t sure what to make of any of this, but…

But it was kind of maybe a little nice.

And when Alfred got Dad’s number from him to call, Tim found himself hoping Dad wasn’t coming home for at least a couple hours. Just so he could enjoy this little bit of time.

Getting to spend time with Batman's family was a once-in-a-lifetime kind of event.

Hopefully it wouldn’t disrupt Batman’s schedule too much.