If there was one place in Corona’s capital that Varian was certain he’d always feel welcome in, it was Xavier’s blacksmithery. 

Ever since that ill-fated trip to Herz Der Sonne’s tomb, he had always felt safe among the trappings of the shop. It was familiar to his own workshop, projects and hazards every which way. Arguably, Xavier’s shop was more organized, but Varian didn’t have the burden of running a business to motivate him to stay tidy.

As he ducked in out of the rain, he found the shop empty. The kilns were all blazing, warming the space to an uncomfortable degree. Varian passed his eyes over the work tables and tools, hoping to spot the old man, but all he found was a small sign that read ‘ Back Soon’ in awkwardly-fitted hand lettering. 

“Xaves,” Varian called, thinking perhaps that the man was around some corner within earshot. He was answered with the heavy breathing of the forge and the crackle of ever-burning fires. 

Curiously, Varian ventured further into the shop, pulling his hood down and smoothing his hair back. “I have that delivery you asked for,” he tried again, thinking perhaps if he stated his reason for being there, the man would appear. When he was answered again with silence, he heaved a sigh. All the way here through the rain, and he happened to drop by on a lunch break. Perfect.

Varian retrieved the bundle that he’d had tucked under his arm and cloak. The burlap it was wrapped in was mostly dry, but any moisture in the tiny gears would be bad, so he set it on one of the workbenches and unwrapped it. 

Beneath the rough cloth, a beautifully intricate clock sat untouched by the rain, ticking away. Varian had been bent over its mechanical innards for about a week now, carefully removing and replacing rusted cogs and springs. Xavier had told him the long-winded story about how it had come into his family, how it had travelled across many oceans and survived a great war, only to slow and stop working with age. It had been an easy fix, if not a slow and steady one, and Varian had been looking forward to returning it.

And yet, Xavier was nowhere to be seen. Unwilling to leave the clock unattended (and equally unwilling to come back later, with the rain showing no signs of letting up anytime soon) Varian glanced toward the cold fireplace on the far wall of the shop. He knew how to get behind it, into the secret passage that led down to Xavier’s store room. It was the most secure place to leave something so precious.

Sparing only a glance toward the rain outside, Varian picked the clock up with care and started toward the fireplace. Hell, he thought, maybe he’s down there. I can hand it right to him.

When the fireplace pulled aside, his hopes of finding Xavier below vanished from his mind. Darkness swallowed the steps only a few feet down--there was no way anyone was working down there.

Heaving another sigh, Varian felt around in his bag for a vial and gave it a shake. Pink light enveloped the top of the staircase, and he began his descent.

Halfway down the stairs, he began to see different points of pink light reflecting back at him, far more numerous than there should have been. Varian frowned, holding the vial out further, but it did nothing to reveal the shapes below. Not until he stepped carefully onto the stone floor at the bottom of the stairs and examined one of them up close did he recognize what it was.

A rack of spears, sharp and freshly forged, reflected the pink light from almost every surface. Varian’s frown deepened. He turned to another rack and found more of the same, before his eyes landed on a heavy oak table. When he approached, the shape of an unlit lantern came into view.

Varian set down his vial and the clock and took up a match to light the lantern. The golden light provided a much bigger halo than his alchemical vial, and gave him a more proper view of the room. Blinking curiously, he turned back to examine the spears more closely.

It was not just the two racks. A forest of spears stretched into the darkness beyond the reach of the lantern. Varian turned in a full circle, taking in all that he could see: carts full of military-grade swords; helmets and various armor parts in piles on the floor; halberds and maces filling in all the gaps. Varian stepped carefully away from the table and lifted a foot-long knife from a cart where hundreds more rested. It glinted in the light of the lantern, so new from the forge that Varian could see his dim reflection: concerned blue eyes, freckles across his nose, and a white line on his cheek where a scar had formed over a year ago.

The more he took in, the lower his stomach sank. Xavier wasn’t the only blacksmith in Corona, but he was far and away the most knowledgeable and trusted by the Crown. And he had enough equipment in his cellar to equip an army, which meant…

Varian turned his eyes back to the table where the lantern sat. He saw now that it was being used to hold down the corner of a large schematic, something that covered so much of the table that he hadn’t noticed it when he first set the clock down. He stepped back to it now, eyes flicking over the blueprints and measurements with a quick, critical eye.

‘A trebuchet,” he asked the darkness, his voice hushed. The construction was clearly not Coronan, but there was something familiar about it nonetheless. Something in the elegant simplicity of it, not unlike the air balloon engines he’d learned to build. In the bottom-right corner of the schematic, a seal was stamped over a block of equations that were, by Varian’s assessment, incorrect.

“Varian,” Xavier’s voice interrupted, startling his attention toward the stairs. The old man was coming down them slowly, one hand up to indicate that he did not mean to startle him. His other arm was wrapped around a collection of books. 

Varian looked up at him with tense, nervous eyes. “What’s going on?”

The man looked from Varian to the weapons that filled the room. He loosed a great sigh and stepped up to the table to put his books down on the center of the schematic. 

“Xavier, please tell me,” Varian pushed. “Old Corona is right on the border, if something is going on, I need to warn them.”

“There is always uncertainty in the world,” Xavier answered, as cryptic as ever. “It is important to be preventative, rather than reactive.”

“Preventative,” Varian repeated. “So there is something going on?”

As Varian watched, Xavier lifted the clock from the table and smiled at it fondly, smoothing a finger over it’s glass face while the hands ticked softly inside. “It is not for me to say. You must trust that the king knows what he is doing, and will tell you if and when you need to take action.”

An argument immediately leapt up Varian’s throat, but he bit down on it and stayed silent. Xavier was right, in the same way that instruction manuals and recipes were right: officially, that was the correct way to proceed, but reality always found a way to complicate things. Varian lived and thrived in complications, in alternative solutions. Trusting the Crown might be easy for a man like Xavier, but Varian--

He trusted Rapunzel. He trusted her with a kind of absoluteness that he had never known before. But King Frederic had a history of keeping information hidden long past the time for preventative action. 

Then again, Varian wasn’t exactly boasting a clean record, either.

“You just had a birthday, yes?” Xavier placed a hand on Varian’s shoulder, pulling the young alchemist from his stormy thoughts with the abrupt change of subject. “Seventeen years of age?”

When Varian didn’t answer, Xavier turned away and crossed the room to a wall made up of hundreds of small, square drawers. He tapped his fingers against several of them before finding the one he was looking for and sliding it open. 

While his back was turned, Varian’s eyes moved once again to the schematic on the table. It was obscured now by Xavier’s books, but the crest in the corner was still fully visible. 

It was the royal seal of Equis.

“I thought this may interest you,” Xavier said, snapping Varian’s attention back to him. “I know you will do immense good with it, both for Corona and for the people of your village.”

Xavier held out a small book. It was leather-bound, the cover cracked with age and faded from use. Pressed into the leather was the image of a rose, it’s thorn-covered stem twisting around it like a halo. 

Cautiously, Varian undid the leather tie and opened the book. The yellowed pages were perfumed with age, something that usually brought him comfort. In the moment, surrounded by the mechanisms of war, it was difficult to appreciate it.

“It contains all my recipes for potions and elixirs,” Xavier was explaining. With increasing focus, Varian flipped through several pages of carefully annotated ingredients, small sketches of flowers, and underlined warnings about each recipe. Tucked into several of the pages were pressed flowers, ingredients that were hard to come by and so were saved in the book itself. Suddenly, it was much easier to forget about the weapons all around them.

“Wait,” Varian said, “You... You’re giving me this?”

Xavier’s large, work-hardened hand came to rest on Varian’s shoulder. “You are a brilliant young man, Varian,” he said, “with a mind like nothing the Seven Kingdoms have seen since the days of Demanitus. There is no one I trust more to put these recipes to good use than you.”

The words echoed around Varian’s head, making his ears ring and his cheeks warm. He stared up at Xavier’s kind smile and felt himself flutter with the sudden, traitorous urge to cry, but he quickly swallowed it. Taking a breath, he closed the book and held it close to his chest. “Thank you,” he said, quiet and sincere.

“Thank you for fixing my family clock,” Xavier returned, patting Varian’s shoulder before turning to examine the aforementioned device. “It looks as good as new.”

“Yeah, well,” Varian muttered, still embarrassed by the praise. “Always happy to help a friend.”

Xavier gave him a sideways smile and nodded. “It will be alright, Varian,” he said. “If there is one thing I have learned, it is that there is nothing that Corona cannot handle. But please, do not speak of this to anyone. You must have faith.”

Varian set his jaw and nodded, steeling himself against whatever invisible thing had prompted the secret armory below Xavier’s shop. With his new book, Varian at least took solace in the fact that he could distract himself for the time being.

He turned to leave, and stopped short. “Oh, um. Eugene wanted me to ask you something.”

Hurriedly, Varian reached into his bag and fished around for a folded note that Eugene had handed him before he’d left the castle. When he produced it, Xavier turned and lifted an eyebrow, curiosity writ into his features. 

“He, uh,” he stammered, unfolding the note and reading it over quickly to jog his memory. “Wanted to know if his ‘surprise’ was ready?” Varian shrugged, unable to offer any clarification and hoping Xavier knew what it meant.

“Ah,” the man said, nodding. “Yes, his gift for the princess. I have it up in my shop.”

Of course it was some sort of romantic gesture. Ever since they had been married, Eugene and Rapunzel had been trying to invent new ways to surprise one another, since they could no longer make awkward proposals. Varian smiled and rolled his eyes, turning to lead the way up the stairs to the shop above.

“Please tell me he didn’t ask you to make a retractable paintbrush,” Varian implored. “I’ve already told him that painting from twelve feet below the ceiling isn’t reasonable. And that we have ladders.”

“He requested a musical jewelry box,” Xavier explained. “Much like the jewelry box from the story of the Lady of the Black Night. Long ago, in the Kingdom of Nezerdnia, a young Lady fell in love with a beautiful handmaiden…”

As Xavier launched into the poetic tale, Varian cast his eyes one final time around the huge collection of arms. A flash of fear shot through him, the anxiety of a potential conflict creeping just outside the safety of their conversation. 

Varian took a deep breath. He would have to talk to Rapunzel about it.

-

As per usual, the castle was bustling with activity. It had taken Varian a great deal of time to get used to the sheer number of people rushing around at any given hour, even if he spent most of his days sequestered in his lab or in the library. He was never far from company, or rather, company was never far from him, since it was usually other people that sought him out first. 

It felt strange, to walk by so many people with the secret he now carried. Knowing what was queued up in Xavier’s cellar, knowing that some vague anonymous thing was looming in the future, left Varian feeling uneasy. It was like seeing the world through someone else’s eyes, and he envied every servant and handmaiden he passed for not having the same vantage point. 

He supposed that not knowing exactly what he was anxious about was making it worse. Still, should he be warning people? Should he be encouraging them to stock up on supplies, to call their families living in the countryside to come stay in the capital for a time?

And then he would remember Xavier’s advice, cautioning him to trust in the king, and Varian would hesitate just enough to keep his mouth shut. He had already made enough waves in this kingdom. The last thing he wanted was to cause a stir over something that turned out to be nothing. 

He was so lost in thought, frowning into the middle distance as he walked through the halls, that he did not see Nigel until they were mere inches apart. Varian came up short, startled from his swirling mind, and blinked owlishly up at the man. 

“Nigel! Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t-- My bad,” he explained lamely, offering up a nervous smile. 

Nigel stared at him down the length of his nose, eyebrows low and level. He said nothing, regarding Varian the same way one might regard a foul-smelling stray dog. 

At the lack of a reply, Varian forced a wider smile. “Always great to see your shining face,” he said, waving as if to clear the discomfort from the air and side-stepping the royal advisor. “Great chat.”

He heard Nigel scoff, but did not spare him another moment of his attention. Varian continued on his way, heat rising to his cheeks. He was more than used to Nigel’s disdain, but that didn’t make it any easier to weather it. 

“You are expected,” Nigel said behind him, abruptly and in a clipped tone. Varian faltered and turned to face the man, who was regarding him with that same sour look. “In the library. The princess has summoned you.”

Varian blinked, his mouth opening to reply before he knew what he wanted to say. Nigel did not wait for him to figure it out. The man turned in a huff and continued away down the hallway, hands folded neatly behind his back.

With a frown, Varian looked in the direction of the library. Rapunzel had asked for him? Maybe…

Maybe she knows about the threat, Varian thought, a spark of hope igniting in his chest. That had to be it. He had helped with so many other situations, and Rapunzel knew just as well as he did that King Frederic liked to keep secrets well past their expiration date.

Propelled by anticipation, Varian hurried down the halls, dodging passed people in the midst of chores. He offered a few hushed apologies as he went, trying to stay out of their way. He knew first hand how difficult it was to keep up with palace chores, even if he had only spent a day doing it a few years back.

In short order, he arrived at the open doors of the library. Lingering at one of the carved oak tables beneath a towering wall of books, Rapunzel and Eugene stood flanking both the king and queen. The monarchs were sitting, both of them leaned over a box with curious expressions on their faces. Arianna was examining the top of the small chest with a magnifying glass. Nearby, a few members of the royal guard milled about, the ever-present security detail. 

When Rapunzel spotted him, her face lit up. She seemed almost surprised to see him. “Varian! What great timing! Can you help us with something?”

Cautiously, Varian approached the table. His nerves warred across the back of his neck, discomfort and uncertainty and awkward hope all wriggling together. In spite of all he’d done to try and earn their forgiveness--and in spite of all the reassurances Arianna had offered him that he’d received it--Varian still felt uncomfortable around Rapunzel’s parents. 

“It’s this blasted lock,” Frederic was explaining, gesturing to the top of the chest where Arianna was investigating. “It’s some sort of puzzle.”

The queen sat upright, smiling warmly at Varian in greeting. “We received it as an anniversary present, but we can’t seem to get it open. Any chance you could take a look at it?”

“Yeah,” Eugene huffed, planting his open palm on the table and leaning his weight onto it, “no offense kid, but I am a master lock pick, and I can’t even get it open. Don’t feel too bad when you hit a snag.”

“I’d be happy to help, your majesty,” Varian offered, his hesitance loud and clear in his ears. Arianna smiled kindly at him and slid the box across the table for him to get a better look at it.

“Ooh, it’s so exciting! What if it’s some sort of time capsule,” Rapunzel was positing. “It could be anything. It’s almost better not knowing!”

The chest was made of mahogany, a carefully polished and beautifully-made thing. In the center of its lid, a circular golden puzzle lock looked back at him. It was made up of a series of interlocked shapes, each one designed to slide around the others. Upon first inspection, one piece appeared to be missing from the pattern.

“We’re wondering if the missing piece is a key,” Arianna explained, her voice warm and excited.

Varian frowned, his discomfort set aside as curiosity won out. He leaned in, examining the pieces of the lock closely.

Eugene straightened his back and arched an eyebrow. “See, the real conversation we should be having is how to open the box without destroying it completely,” he offered. “Like, prying the bottom off. Probably not their intention, but effective nonetheless.”

“That’s cheating, Eugene,” Rapunzel scolded good-naturedly. “If we can’t get it open, maybe it should just remain a mystery!”

“There’s absolutely no fun in that,” Eugene cut back.

“May I,” Varian asked quietly, holding out his hand for the magnifying glass. Queen Arianna handed it to him happily, and he leveled it over the puzzle with care. There were scrapes, almost imperceptible, along the insides of the pieces around the missing spot. Varian set down the glass and tugged at the fingers of his gloves to remove them.

“Perhaps the gift is just the box itself,” Frederic mused. “It is a fine piece of craftsmanship.”

“Also no fun in that,” Eugene insisted.

With bare fingers, Varian touched one of the pieces beside the missing spot and pulled at it gently with the pad of his finger. It resisted for only a moment before sliding over into the blank spot. 

There you are, he thought, grinning despite himself as he slid another piece, then another, until he was rearranging the entire lock. Slowly, as he fitted things together, the carved details on each piece began to line up, forming an image.

“Oh, you’ve got it,” Arianna announced, encouragement in her voice. 

“Wonderful, Varian,” Frederic agreed, and a small burst of embarrassed joy swelled in Varian’s chest. He clicked a few more pieces into place, and stopped.

He was starting to recognize the image. 

Oblivious to the sudden hesitation on Varian’s face, Eugene leaned in. “Well now hold on, if it’s just a slide puzzle, I can solve it,” he said in defense of his ego. “Here, like this.”

Where Varian was frozen over the box, Eugene leaned in and slid a few more pieces into order. 

“Wait,” Varian warned, looking up suddenly. With his focus glued to finishing the puzzle, Eugene didn’t see the look of alarm on the alchemist’s face. Rapunzel, however, did.

“Eugene, wait,” she said, laying a hand on her husband’s shoulder. 

It was too late. “There,” Eugene announced, standing upright and planting his hands on his hips. “Done!”

Varian dropped his eyes back to the box. The finished puzzle below was a chilling sight. Set into the golden lock atop the box, the crest of Saporia stared back at him.

Before his eyes, the lines between each piece began to glow with red light. Varian took a half-step back, eyes widening as the lines began to seal shut, fusing together into a solid seal. 

Everyone leaned back, startled. Whether or not they had recognized the symbol from upside down, Varian didn’t know. They were startled by the magic, and that was enough for Arianna to stand up, and for Eugene to back up, one arm going out in front of Rapunzel protectively. 

Abruptly, the seal popped upon like the lid to a beer stein. From inside the box, red smoke snaked upward into the air between the group. 

Everything that happened next happened far too quickly.

“Your majesty, get back,” Varian warned, his voice so sharp that everyone obeyed without hesitation. Still seated, Frederic only managed to climb to his feet before the smoke circled him.

“Dad,” Rapunzel burst at the same time the Queen called her husband’s name. 

The smoke enveloped the king in a cloud, making him cough and hack. While he floundered, a section of the cloud broke away, snaking toward Arianna. 

Quick as a whip, Rapunzel lunged, sweeping her frying pan down through the moving smoke before shoving her mother out of reach. The tendril dissipated and vanished, too dispersed to hold its shape. 

The guards across the room rushed forward to aid their king, racing headfirst into the red cloud. Varian could see the vague shape of one of them grabbing for Frederic before his hands went to his own throat, caught in the curse.

Varian stood rooted to the spot, staring at the chaos before him. Unable to move from shock, he didn’t notice Eugene swinging around to his side of the table until the man had grabbed his upper arm and was hauling him backwards away from the mist.

“Get back,” he barked, shielding Varian instinctually. 

In the middle of the room, the cloud began to break apart into separate tendrils of smoke, all of which twisted away from the source and sped off through the open doorway into the rest of the castle, out open windows, through the servant’s door. There were a finite number of them, each moving as if sentient. None of them lingered in the room, and as they vanished, so too did the cloud that they came from, until all that was left was an open mahogany box and clear air.

Varian could see Rapunzel protecting her mother across the library, frying pan at the ready. Eugene kept his arm out in front of him, equally braced for whatever would be revealed when the smoke was gone.

But there was no monster, no ghost or ghoul, nothing to fight. Only King Frederic, coughing and waving a hand back and forth in front of his face to clear the air. The two guards who had rushed to his aid were doing the same, looking around blearily for a target that was no longer there. Silence and confusion fell over the library like a blanket.

“Frederic,” Arianna said, stepping forward with her hands outstretched. “My god, are you alright?”

The king turned, eyes widening at the sight of his wife. “Arianna,” he declared, relief flooding his voice. He rushed to her, folding his arms around her as she blinked in surprise. “Arianna, thank goodness! You’re alright! Are you unharmed, my love?”

“What? Yes, yes, I’m fine. Frederic, are you alright?”

“I’m not the one who was taken prisoner,” Frederic replied, leaning away only far enough to look his wife in the eye. “How on earth did you escape?”

In near perfect synchronization, Arianna, Rapunzel, Eugene, and Varian all blinked, eyebrows raising in confusion. 

“Taken prisoner?” Arianna repeated, frowning up at her husband with a baffled expression. “Fred, what are you talking about?”

“Dad,” Rapunzel cautioned, “your eyes…”

Varian’s head tilted to the side. Had he missed something? Eugene looked just as confused, but before either of them could ask for clarification, two halberds suddenly thrust toward them.

“Your Majesty, there he is,” one of the guards barked, adjusting his grip on his weapon. Varian stared back at him with wide eyes. One of the halberds jolted forward threateningly, making Eugene back up another step, his arm sweeping Varian back with him.

“Woah, Matthew, woah! What are you doing,” Eugene demanded. 

Frederic turned, his arms falling away from around Arianna. He leveled his gaze squarely on Varian.

Suddenly, Varian saw why Rapunzel had pointed out her father’s eyes. They were glowing with a soft, unnatural red light. 

“You traitor,” he snarled, stepping toward Varian while reaching for his sword. Startled and confused, both his wife and daughter began to protest, but their words fell on deaf ears. Frederic pulled the length of steel from its sheath and stalked forward toward where Varian stood, standing in stunned disorientation behind Eugene. “You dare show your face in this castle?!”

“Your Majesty, hold on,” Eugene demanded, stepping to his left to stay in between the king and Varian. “This is some sort of spell. Varian hasn’t done anything--”

“Hasn’t done anything,” Frederic repeated, rage making his deep voice boom. “He has threatened the safety of the kingdom, kidnapped the queen, and tried to harm my daughter!”

The guards were circling now, their halberds at the ready. Varian looked around wildly, his heart pounding in his ears. This was a nightmare. This had to be a nightmare. This couldn't possibly be real.

“Dad, stop,” Rapunzel demanded, trying to get around the table to intervene. One of the two guards blocked her path with his weapon. 

“Stay back, princess,” the man warned, his eyes glowing that same, soft red.

“No! Get away from him, you’re not thinking clearly!’

Her order went unheeded. Frederic continued forward without hesitation, and now Eugene was backing up one step after another, his arms out, pushing Varian back. 

“Fred,” Arianna cried, horror and disbelief in her voice. It only seemed to spur her husband on. He lifted his sword, and lunged.

Eugene was quick to draw his own weapon. The clang of metal against metal shot through the room like a firework, snapping Varian from his shock. He staggered backwards, staring with wide eyes as Eugene tried to fend off the king of Corona. 

Behind him, one of the guards swung his halberd. Varian ducked, the weapon sailing over him so close that he could feel the wind it created. He hit the ground hard, crab-crawling to the side to avoid the point of the spear as it sank into the carpet where his leg had just been. 

Rapunzel’s frying pan was there in time for the next swing. With wild eyes, Varian could see Arianna trying to wrestle the weapon away from the other guard. In the chaos, Varian was left on the floor in the middle of it all, his heart in his throat.

Eugene was a good swordsman, but he was unwilling to land any real hits. Blinded by caution, he did not get a block up in time to stop Frederic’s boot from connecting with his ribs, shoving him back into the bookshelves behind them. Suddenly, there was nothing between Varian and the king’s sword.

Frederic turned those hateful red eyes toward him and moved without hesitation. In his state of shock, Varian could do nothing but shove backward, hauling his arms up to try and protect himself.

Heat and pain ripped across the backs of his forearms where he held them up in front of his face, the force of the blow knocking Varian to the side. The slash was so quick that he had no time to recover before Frederic raised his blade for another strike--

And then a table rammed into the king from the side. Eugene, hunkered down and bracing against the table’s other end, was shoving it with all his strength. It knocked the king into the guard that Arianna was fending off, causing both men to topple onto the floor. A loud clang , and the third guard fell, stunned by Rapunzel’s frying pan. 

From his spot on the floor, Varian stared in horror at the collapsed king as the man struggled to disentangle himself from the guard and get up. He didn’t notice Eugene rushing to him, grabbing his upper arm, hauling him to his feet. He barely heard the clatter of more guards approaching, of the king shouting an order to seize him, seize that wretched little traitor. Rapunzel was at his other side in a breath, her eyes wide with panic and determination. 

“Get him out of here,” she cried over the rising din of oncoming guards. “Eugene, get him somewhere safe!”

“What about you,” Eugene called back, taking Rapunzel’s hand in his. She pressed a kiss to his lips and shoved him away. 

“I’m not the target. I’ll figure this out. Varian, I will figure this out,” she repeated, her tone a hard promise. “Just get out of here! Go!”

Varian turned his eyes to her, wide with panic. “But I didn’t--” he tried, before the words lodged in his throat and he couldn’t say any more.

It didn’t matter. Eugene was already moving, pulling Varian at speed toward the servant’s entrance. Varian stumbled, barely managing to keep his footing. He threw a desperate look over his shoulder.

“Rapunzel,” he called, his voice unfamiliar in his ears, numb and terrified. She only looked after them, her face mirroring the feeling, before she turned back and leveled her frying pan toward the newly arrived guards. Their eyes, Varian saw in a desperate smear of panic, were all red.

Then the small, unadorned servant’s hallway swallowed them, and the library vanished from his sight.