9 BBY - In Hyperspace, Arkanis Sector, Outer Rim

“This piece of junk is falling apart,” Tenth Sister said, her lip curling in disgust behind her mask. At the controls, Fifth Brother just grunted, his gaze fixed on the blurr of hyperspace in front of them. He made no secret of his disinterest, broadcasting it into the Force. 

“Look at this,” Tenth Sister added, prodding at the console buttons irritably to illustrate her point. “Look at all these things that don’t work . Why do we have to fly around in an ancient rustbucket while some of the other teams get access to the latest ships from Sienar? Just because they pretend to be hunting Jedi, while we’re assigned to Harvester? We’re doing work that’s just as important. Work that needs to be done.” Maybe he could tell that she was trying to convince herself of that fact just as much as she was him. He continued to ignore her, although a dark point of awareness fixed on her was enough to prove he was still listening. 

“The other teams never find any Jedi anyway,” Tenth said, feeding the Dark with her scorn. It curled around her like a warm and heavy blanket, whispering anger in ‘ yes, yes you’re right, naturally you’re right’ . “When was the last time that they did? Four, five years ago?”

“You could ask Third Brother himself,” Fifth said. Good. He was actually engaging. 

“I’m not saying it wasn’t impressive, what Second Sister did to bring him into the fold. I’m just saying that apart from what happened with him, there’s hardly been any encounters with real, actual Jedi. Just Force-sensitive cultists and followers of weird sects. Whereas we actually get the job done, all the time, every time.”

“Then complain to the Grand Inquisitor.”

Tenth Sister gave a low growl and turned back to the console. Oh yes, that was something she should do. Just walk up to the Grand Inquisitor and say ‘hey, how come we always get the short end of the stick’? And then she’d be trembling under Force Lightning until she learned her place again. 

“Hey… is that light supposed to be flashing like that?” she asked, suddenly noticing something odd in front of her. 

Fifth looked over and swore under his breath. “No. No it isn’t. That’s a hyperdrive malfunction warning.”

Tenth Sister went stiff. “I’m sorry ,” she said, in a sickly sweet voice. “I thought you just said the hyperdrive is malfunctioning and we’re all going to die, but I’m sure I must have been mistaken because it’s not like flying this heap of junk is an issue !”

Fifth Brother turned his head and she could feel his glare through his visor. His anger flicked out towards her like a lash, a sudden searing pain over the surface of her mind, biting at her shields. “We are far from dead,” he snarled. He flipped a few switches on the console, checked something on the navicomputer, and slowly pulled back on the hyperdrive control. The blur of stars out the viewscreen smeared back into single pinpricks as the deep black of space folded around them once again. 

Their ship shuddered as though it was vibrating against reality itself, but despite her fear it stopped that after a few very uncomfortable moments. 

“There,” Fifth said. “Not dead.”

Tenth let out the breath she’d been holding. “Where are we then, and how far is it from Arkanis?”

Fifth Brother leant over the navicomputer again. “Shab-end of nowhere,” he said. “Nearest planet is some Hutt dustball called Tatooine, although it’s days away by sublights. We have an Imperial presence there apparently, even though it’s a small one. We should be able to either find parts to repair the ship, or hitch a ride onwards to Arkanis.”

“I don’t want to hitch a ride with our cargo in tow,” she said. “Parts would be better, and a mechanic even better than that. I certainly don’t know how to fix a hyperdrive.”

“You barely even know how to fly a ship,” Fifth said, with another scornful lash of the Dark. Tenth ducked her head in a show of submission, careful not to let any sense of blame leak out into the Force. She had pushed it about as far as she could now, and Fifth would not take kindly to her continuing to harp on about how none of this would have happened if they’d just had a newer shuttle. 

Fifth Brother set a course for Tatooine, the system’s twin stars visible as small glowing balls in the far distance. “I’ll call the Academy,” he said. “Let them know we’ll be late. Go check on the cargo.”

Tenth Sister nodded, and slipped out of her seat, heading towards the hold. Bad enough they had to be cooped up with a couple of mewling younglings in the first place, even worse now that their trip had been extended by days. At least they had plenty of supplies, so it wasn’t like they would need to eat each other to survive. A thin sliver of amusement snuck through her at the thought, cruelty to feed the Dark. It wasn’t the sort of thing that happened these days, but she had always been fascinated by stories from the earlier ages of space travel, before the hyperlanes were properly fixed and mapped, when ships were less reliable and their communications range was much smaller. 

The sorts of horrors caused by marooned and desperate starfarers sent a delicious shiver down her spine. 

Inside the cargo hold, the two younglings looked up at her through the bars of their cage. Their fear whipped the Dark Side up around them, thick enough to taste. They shivered and wriggled backwards to get away from her. They’d soon learn there was no point in trying to run. There was no escape from the Inquisitorius. 

One of the brats was a little twi’lek girl, snatched up from the slave markets on Nar Kaaga - not that Inquisitors usually had to pay to take slaves, except in Hutt space - the other a Bothan boy taken from Bothawui itself. The twi’lek was smart enough and old enough to know all of the possible destinations for someone like her, and her fear was all the sweeter for it. She would welcome the mercy of the Inquisitorius in comparison. The Bothan was more naive, but he still knew she wore an Imperial cog on her shoulder. He bared sharp little fangs in her direction. 

“This trip is going to take a little longer than planned,” she told them, making sure that her tone was just sweet enough to be sinister, “but we’ll be at our destination soon enough.” She grabbed a canister of water from a crate and slid it into the cage. “Don’t worry. We plan to take very good care of you.”

That should be enough to stir them up for a bit. She went back to the main cabin and ratcheted her chair back as far as it would go. She could at least try to meditate until something interesting happened. 

----

Something was… off… on Tatooine. Tenth Sister tried to cast her senses out into the Force again and found herself blinking back a headache. She thought she had come closer to finding whatever it was that time though. A bright flash of light, like looking into the sun for too long. Suns plural, on this planet. 

“How long is this going to take?” Fifth Brother demanded, glaring down at the mechanic buried half-way into their hyperdrive. 

“At least another hour sir,” came the reply, in the bored tone of someone used to dealing with terrible customers. Fifth suppressed a snarl of impatience, and Tenth could relate. They had waited long enough already. Although perhaps there was something useful they could do with their time. 

“Fifth Brother,” she said, with a nod of her head to indicate they should step away to talk. Fifth followed her out into the hanger where the heat took an abrupt jump even despite the shade of the high walls around them. Sweat trickled inside Tenth’s uniform, and her mouth was immediately dry. 

“What?” he demanded.

“Have you sensed the same disturbance that I have?”

He considered for only a moment. “Yes. You want to investigate?”

She nodded. “It’s hard for me to pin down exactly where it is or what might be causing it, but I know it’s somewhere in this general area. Whatever it is, it’s strong in the Force.”

“Yes…” He trailed off, his Force presence becoming heavier and more focused as he concentrated. Tenth let him work - it pained her to admit it, and she never would out loud, but he was more skilled than her. That was why he was Fifth, and she was only Tenth. “That way,” he said after a minute or two, pointing. “Some distance. We’ll need to hire speeder bikes.”

“That shouldn’t be hard to do in a place like this.”

“Get to work then,” he said, tossing her some of their credit chips. “Come back when you have them. I’m going to meditate.”

----

They had tracked the thing in the Force all the way out into the middle of nowhere, past some little meaningless village named Anchorhead, and now they brought the speeder bikes to a halt on top of a low rise in the desert. Barren flat terrain stretched around them for miles, breaking into hills in the far distance. Fifth Brother scanned the horizon. It - whatever it was - was far stronger out here. Painful to sense directly, it still had that piercing brightness to it. It made her skin feel itchy and uncomfortable, as though it didn’t sit right over her bones. She shivered, and tried to pretend it was because dusk was coming on and the temperature was dropping. 

Fifth Brother pointed. “There. Magnify that area in your helm’s cam.”

She obeyed. Small mechanical objects stuck up from the earth like little towers, surrounding an expansive area around a small stone building. They’d seen a few of these sorts of buildings on their way. Some people evidently enjoyed their privacy, or whatever else it was they did out here. Crime maybe? This wasn’t in Hutt space, but it was basically a Hutt planet all the same. 

“I don’t see any signs of potential danger,” she said, after giving the area a thorough visual inspection. 

“Then we proceed. Be ready for the unexpected though.” 

She nodded, and adjusted her seat on the bike. They zipped down off the rise, and over the flat terrain at speed, throttling back the engines on the approach to lessen the noise. No-one came out to meet them, but she doubted that was because the place was abandoned, or because they weren’t being watched. 

Fifth Brother dismounted first and led the way, unhooking his lightsaber from his belt as he did so. This was definitely the place. Tenth Sister tried to sweep the building with the Force to see if anyone was inside, but had to shy away from the intense presence that lurked somewhere within. A nasty thought occurred to her. 

“Fifth Brother. Could this be a Jedi?”

“If it is, our reward will be all the greater for dealing with them,” he said. Tenth tried to settle herself. They had the Dark Side didn’t they? That gave them greater power than any weak and corrupt Jedi. 

As Fifth took another step forwards, a blaster fired and buried a bolt at his feet. He froze. Neither of them had felt it coming - the damn brightness was everywhere, masking what might lie beneath it. 

“Don’t come any closer,” a man called out. Tracking the direction of the shot, Tenth saw that the muzzle of a rifle was sticking out of one of the small slot windows on the side of the building. “What’s your business out here?”

“Firing on an Imperial agent is a criminal act,” Fifth Brother shouted back. “It would be unwise to do so again.”

A pause. “You don’t look like any kind of Imperial agents I’ve ever seen before.”

Tenth Sister rolled her eyes. Fifth Brother said, “I don’t doubt it on this backwater planet. Have you heard of the Inquisitorius?”

Was the next pause just a little too long? Normally the Force would give her the answers to such things, allow at least a little insight into other people’s motivations. Not here. 

“Can’t say that I have,” the man said. “What’s your business here? Like you said, we’re a backwater.”

“Our business is searching this place for contraband,” Fifth said, which was not technically a lie. Jedi were contraband. So was anything which had to do with them. 

“Contraband? We’re moisture farmers!”

“Irrelevant. We will be searching your settlement. If you attempt to resist us, you will pay for it.”

There was a moment of consideration, then the blaster rifle slid slowly back through the window. “You won’t find anything here,” the man said. “So come on in and see that for yourself.”

Tenth Sister’s eyes narrowed. The easy acquiescence was unexpected. She was prepared to fight their way in, which might have been enough in itself to bait the possible Jedi out. Either this man didn’t know what he was sheltering, or he was overly confident in his ability to hide it. 

The door slid open as they came closer. A rough-faced, unshaven human male glared out at them, still holding his rifle across his chest. His clothing was plain and worn, and he looked utterly unremarkable. 

“We don’t want any bother with the Empire,” he said. “And we have nothing to hide.”

“We’ll be the judge of that,” Fifth Brother said, and pushed past him. 

Inside a staircase led downwards, but the interior was well-lit. The uncomfortable feeling in the Force was all around them, and if there had been an ambush waiting for them Tenth knew she wouldn’t sense it coming. It made her wary. She kept her hand on the hilt of her lightsaber as they followed the man downstairs, taking comfort in the soft wail of its crystal. 

“What’s your name, moisture farmer?” Fifth Brother demanded. 

The man snorted. “You came out here looking for contraband and you don’t even know whose home you’re searching? You sure you’re in the right place?”

Tenth felt Fifth’s anger bubbling up at the dismissive, disrespectful tone - although it was strangely attenuated, like a shout underwater. 

The man shrugged. “It’s Owen Lars. My wife Beru is downstairs with our kid, Luke.”

A child. Tenth felt a sudden bite of anticipation. How good was the locals’ compliance with Imperial rules and regulations on a planet like this? Terrible, she was sure. Who bothered testing the midichlorian counts of peasants and slaves? Could that really be the source of something they had felt from a hundred miles away without even trying? 

It appeared that most of the home was underground, which made sense given the heat of the desert above. As Lars had said, a middle-aged woman and a young boy were waiting in their dining room, sitting at the table staring at the staircase with wary eyes. She didn’t miss the tight grip the woman had on her son’s hand. 

“These two Imperial agents are here to check our place for contraband,” Lars said, going over to join them. “I guess we’ll just sit here and wait for them to finish.”

Fifth Brother’s satisfaction unfolded like the bloom of a thermal detonator. “No need. We’ve just found what we came looking for.”

The fear in the parents’ faces was immediate and understanding. Some part of them must have already known, or suspected. Lars moved, pulling his rifle up to fire, but Fifth Brother was laughably faster. His lightsaber cut the rifle barrel in two before moving on to do the same to its wielder. The child screamed. The woman roared with fury and lunged for a kitchen knife on the counter behind her. 

It was pitiful really, how unprepared they were to defend their son. 

----

Miles away in the Jundland Wastes, blue eyes snapped open as Obi-wan felt a surge of foreign emotion slap him awake with its terror and anguish. Pain tightened around his chest and he gasped for air as his lungs tried to expand against the pressure. His heart was surely tearing itself apart. 

The sensation eased as he came fully to consciousness, and he managed to sit up, bringing a hand up to feel his ribs almost expecting it to come away covered in blood. What…? 

Luke. The fear hit him at the same time as the certainty. Something had happened to Luke. 

Obi-wan pushed himself to his feet, pulling on his robes as quickly as possible and grabbing his lightsaber, hooking it onto his belt. Thank the Force he kept a speeder bike handy, although he avoided using it unless he had to make the long trip into town for supplies. From the ripples of sorrow and pain that still shook the Force around him, Luke wasn’t dead. There was still time. 

What was this? There had been no warning of danger. No premonitions, not even the vaguest sense that he should be on the alert. 

He shot along the bottom of the canyon and out of the mountains onto open sands with his mind conjuring ever worse scenarios. He couldn’t ignore what he most dreaded. Could Vader have discovered this most important secret? Had he come for his son? 

But no, it couldn’t be. Obi-wan would have been able to feel him. Anakin or Vader, his apprentice had never been subtle. 

Obi-wan urged the bike faster, and hoped he wasn’t too late.

----

Tenth had to drag the struggling kid out of the house tucked under her arm like a rabid tooka. He had guts, she’d give him that. He’d only been caught up in the shock of his parents’ deaths for a couple of seconds before he had also dived for the knife and come at them screaming insults in Huttese that she suspected his dead kin would not have been impressed to hear. When Fifth Brother grabbed him and prised it out of his hands, he’d tried to kick him in the groin and bite Fifth’s wrist. His teeth hadn’t managed to get through the thick synthleather, and Fifth had flung him clear across the room on instinct, but the little bastard hadn’t taken the hint. 

Stupid youngling couldn’t be more than ten or eleven, maybe younger. 

Fifth Brother had smacked him around some which had taken a bit of the fight out of him, but he was still doing his best to escape even now. Tenth kept a good grip and wished she’d brought some cuffs with her. Some rope, at least. She readjusted her grip and headed towards her bike, but Fifth Brother put out a hand to stop her. 

“Someone’s coming,” he said, pointing. Tenth squinted, and saw what he meant. A small black dot was moving over the sand towards them, dark enough against the pale background to be visible even past suns-set. Given the whole lot of kriff-all out here, it was a fair bet that it was coming here. 

“Do we care?” she asked. “We have what we were looking for.”

“What a coincidence, that they’d come here just after we killed this youngling’s parents.” Fifth Brother’s voice was rich and tense with anticipation. “Almost as though they sensed what happened here.”

“Another Force-sensitive.” 

“Indeed.” Fifth Brother lit his saber and twirled it a few times. “I’ll take care of them. Get the youngling out of here - it’s a liability in a fight.” 

Tenth Sister snarled. “You just want all the glory to yourself,” she said. 

Fifth Brother turned fast as a striking spitsnake, and the point of his lightsaber glowed deadly inches from her throat. “I gave you an order,” he said. 

She kept herself very still. She couldn’t take him, not like this. Not with a boy to keep captive and an enemy on the way, even if her skills were good enough. And she was pretty sure they weren't. Fifth grunted, sensing her submission, and took the blade away.

Tenth Sister dumped the youngling over the front of her speeder bike and held him there while she kicked the thing into motion. The brat was still wriggling, like he thought he would enjoy the consequences of falling off a vehicle going fast enough to break every bony in his tiny body. Not that she planned to go far. She stopped the bike on top of the same rise as earlier and turned back to the moisture farm. If she couldn’t take part in the fight, at least she could watch it. 

The dot resolved itself into another speeder-bike, which showed no signs of slowing down as it darted right towards Fifth Brother. Foolish. As though he wouldn’t just dodge and catch the bike a deadly blow on the way past. Except that as it neared, the figure sitting on the bike vaulted off of it, turning an elegant somersault in the air and igniting a brilliant blue lightsaber as it did so. 

Jedi , Tenth Sister realised, a shudder of mingled fear and delight running through her. A real Jedi. If Fifth Brother managed to kill it he would strike a true blow for the Empire - and for his own glory. If he failed… she wouldn’t be able to fight a Jedi who could win a fight against Fifth. 

In the distance, lightsabers crashed together before the combatants split apart, circling each other. Tenth Sister dialed the lens of her helmet in and out until she could see the whole scene without losing track of either of them. The Jedi held his saber in a high guard, waiting for Fifth Brother to come to him. Typical. Jedi lacked the aggression and the drive to win that made the members of the Inquisitorius inherently superior. 

Fifth Brother leapt forwards, his lightsaber a whirl of heavy repeating strokes that wove a net of red light in the air. It should have worked to overwhelm the enemy’s defence, particularly given the occasional sharp rotations of his twin blades that ought to have taken the Jedi entirely off guard. Instead every movement was met in kind by the Jedi. It seemed impossible to get through his defence. Dim memories of the Temple started to stir in the back of her mind. She’d been only a youngling, only been taught the very basics of lightsaber combat by them but… Soresu? 

Somehow that term for the form felt right. 

Tenth Sister felt the tension winding ever tighter inside of her as the duel continued. She could just make out that both of them were talking, but she had no idea whether it was more than simple taunts. What was the Jedi’s interest in this place? He must have known about the strength of the child, but if he had already started to train the boy then the kid would have used the Force trying to fight them off and he hadn’t. So if the Jedi didn’t want the boy as his apprentice, was he merely… friends with the boy’s parents? 

That problem aside, the fight in the distance wasn’t going well. Fifth Brother twisted and tried to push the Jedi back, tried to batter down his strength, envelop him in the roaring cloak of the Dark Side that Tenth could feel from over here, and none of it was doing any good. 

The blue lightsaber flickered. Fifth Brother stopped moving, and then with a slow horror Tenth Sister watched him collapse in the sand as his head rolled free of his shoulders. She went very still on her speeder bike. Surely the Jedi would go and search inside - he couldn’t know that she was here unless Fifth had foolishly told him… 

His head turned in her direction. His eyes met hers despite the distance between them. 

No. She wasn’t about to throw her life away for an impossible promise of glory. Tenth Sister slammed the speeder bike back into gear and took off. She had a head start and the Jedi would have to find where he’d let his own speeder go careening off to. She could make it back to base with the captured youngling and given how long they’d been gone the mechanic had better have finished her work on the hyperdrive. 

As she sped over the flat, featureless terrain, her hand and the Force still pinning the child down, Tenth Sister searched her memories trying to place the vague sense of familiarity she’d experienced looking at the Jedi’s face. She sensed that she ought to know him, even though there had been hundreds of Jedi Knights and Masters coming and going back before the fall of the Temple. He’d never taught one of her classes, she was sure of that, so where…?

It didn’t matter. She could search through the Inquisitorius’ records after she escaped so that she would at least have a name to give to the Grand Inquisitor - or perhaps it would be better to go straight to Lord Vader himself. If there was a Jedi the Inquisitorius couldn’t deal with, he would want to know about it and take them on himself. The chances of being punished for her failure would be the same either way, and if they decided she had done badly enough to earn her death, choking seemed a less painful way to go than Force lightning. 

----

The Jedi didn’t manage to catch up with her before she reached the Imperial base. Skidding to a halt inside the prefabbed walls to the startled surprise of a unit of stormtroopers, she dragged the youngling off the bike and strode towards her ship, pulling the boy behind her despite his struggles to get away. She knew the moment he noticed where they were because he stopped fighting. 

That’s right , she thought. Nowhere to run here.  

“Is the hyperdrive fixed?” she shouted as she approached the shuttle’s open ramp. The mechanic flinched at the sound of her voice and dropped the rag she was using to clean off her hands. 

“Y-yes my lady,” she stammered. “All fit to go. Should get you back to Arkanis without a problem.”

Tenth Sister gave her a curt nod and strode up the ramp. Inside she unlocked the cargo cage and pushed the youngling inside with the others. She didn’t want to deal with the brat right now, particular not since she’d just remembered the fact that she was going to have to fly this death-trap out of here. 

She was not a good pilot. She could probably get it off the ground at least, and she knew how the hyperdrive controls worked, but landing it would be another matter. 

She wasn’t dead. That was what mattered. 

She slid into the pilot’s seat and put her hands gingerly on the controls. After a few moments of studious concentration, she was fairly sure how this worked. She started up the repulsors and brought the shuttle up into the air in a movement much jerkier than she wanted. After that she focused on pointing the ship’s nose at the stars until the atmosphere of the desert planet fell away beneath her. 

In the comfort of space, Tenth Sister sank back in her seat able to relax again. She pulled her helmet off with a deep, shuddering breath and set it in her lap. After a few moments she pulled herself together enough to unspool a cable from the console and hook her helmet up to the ship’s systems so she could pull the footage from its camera. Time to find out who this Jedi was and why he felt so familiar. 

The magnified view of the end of the fight when the Jedi had turned to face her directly gave her an excellent image for the facial recognition program. It started skimming through files, looking for male human Jedi whose death hadn’t yet been confirmed. It didn’t take long for the program to throw up a result. 

General Obi-wan Kenobi. 

Tenth Sister’s stomach churned with sudden sharp nausea. She swallowed convulsively, trying not to throw up. General Kenobi. One of the great heroes of the Clone Wars. Of course she’d known him, even as a youngling. Everyone told stories about him all the time. The only Jedi to have killed a Sith and survived - no mere Dark Side user, but a true Sith Lord.

No wonder Fifth Brother had lost. 

Darth Vader it was then. It was no secret that he had always believed General Kenobi was still out there, or that he wanted to kill the man personally. He might be pleased enough to hear this that he wouldn’t even think to punish her. She had the comm codes to reach him, as all Inquisitors did. Nobody would be foolish enough to misuse the privilege. 

Her throat tight with fear and anticipation, Tenth Sister made the call. 

----

Darth Vader was so eager to see to Kenobi’s death that he did not even think to ask what business Fifth Brother and Tenth Sister might have had on Tatooine.