“Adora! We have to hurry c’mon!” Catra tugged on her best friend’s hand, urging her desperately to run faster. The girl behind her was exhausted, stumbling every other step but she gamely tried to keep pace with the quicker of the pair. They disappeared into the infamous Whispering Woods.

The crashed stolen skiff burned brightly behind them, a beacon.

--

Five Hours Earlier

Shadow Weaver was going to hurt Catra. Adora didn’t know how she knew that, but she did. She watched the person in charge of raising them for the Horde escort Catra away, hands painfully clawed into her best friend’s shoulder. Catra looked back, fear obvious on her face, but resignation too. 

She’d been told to return to the dorm and to the rest of their likely sleeping squad, but Adora couldn’t move. They hadn’t done anything wrong! She and Catra were just playing! 

So maybe they were a little bit late for evening drill, but it was only thirty seconds. Not even Kyle got in trouble for being late by thirty seconds yet - they were still in the tenth years’ group. Only Catra ever got punished. It wasn’t fair.

Mustering up all her bravery, Adora took off at a sprint for Shadow Weaver’s office. It was closed when she got there. She couldn’t be too late, she just couldn’t. Adora tried the handle and threw her shoulder into the door, staggering through when it opened easily.

“What is the meaning of this Adora?” Shadow Weaver demanded imperiously. Catra was in front of her, held in place by the ever familiar red lightning that haunted Adora’s dreams.

Adora froze, but the sight of Catra staring at her with the tiniest bit of hope in her eyes steeled her nerves. “Leave her alone!” she yelled. “She didn’t do anything it’s my fault we were late!”

“Adora…” their caretaker’s voice calmed, a dramatic difference from the tone always aimed at Catra. “Do not lie to me. You know Catra must be reined in. She has too great an influence on you, my child. Now return to your bed before there are consequences for you as well.”

There was a pause as Adora tried to come up with a plan. “No!” she yelled, shoving Shadow Weaver at the waist, breaking the sorceress’ concentration as Adora grabbed Catra by the hand and hauled her out of the office. “Run!” she hissed at her friend. “Hide.”

“Not without you,” Catra immediately denied.

“I’ll keep her busy and then I’ll find you.” There was angry yelling in the office behind them, and Adora gave Catra another gentle shove. “Go, she hasn’t hurt me.”

Catra’s eyes went wide. “Yeah Adora, you just don’t remem-” 

A pair of gnarled hands clamped down on Adora’s shoulders, making both girls scream. “You brats will behave!”

“RUN Catra!” Adora yelled, kicking at Shadow Weaver’s legs as she was neatly dragged away. Catra disappeared around the corner, but the Horde Commander didn’t seem to care anymore, her focus entirely on Adora. Instead of taking her back to the office, Shadow Weaver brought her to a larger room that Adora had only ever seen once, though it figured constantly in her nightmares.

--

Adora struggled against the straps keeping her contained to the harsh wooden planks. Shadow Weaver was in front of her, saying something to the scary magic stone that she couldn’t hear. She’d tried to escape, but Shadow Weaver had caught her before getting too far and flung her against the table.

Now the red glow of the stone was increasing, and Adora could hear a crackling sound that sounded like Shadow Weaver’s magic. She whined, trying to wriggle free, but the straps held fast. 

Shadow Weaver finished her preparation, and approached Adora slowly. “I wish you wouldn’t make me keep doing this, my dear Adora,” she cooed. Adora shivered. “It really does slow your progress, and I expect great things from you. You will rise through the Horde’s ranks, even if I have to force you.” She brought a hand up to Adora’s temple, red lightning hissing in her palm. Adora screamed in terror as it came into contact with her skin.

It hurt it hurt it hurt. Make it stop - make it stop.

There was a slam, followed by the familiar sound of the discharge of a stun baton, and Shadow Weaver shrieked. Adora forced her eyes open against the pain in her head to see Shadow Weaver kneeling on the ground, holding one hand over her now cracked mask with the little gem in the forehead shattered against the ground, wailing.

Catra was standing next to her, shoulders heaving and holding the baton. She dropped it with a clatter and ran to begin fumbling with the buckles holding Adora down. “We have to go,” she said hurriedly. She hissed and gave up on undoing the straps to just slash through them with her claws. She helped Adora off the table and caught her when she tripped on shaky legs. “C’mon.”

If Catra thought Adora might hesitate to leave Shadow Weaver, she needn’t have worried. Adora never even looked back, following Catra with absolute trust that her friend knew what she was doing. Catra led them to the skiff hangar, helping Adora clamber into one in a corner. Adora tiredly walked Catra through starting and steering a skiff as they huddled in the bottom to hide from any patrols. Catra had not attended Skiff Orientation.

There was shouting as the skiff flew out of the hangar with seemingly no one driving it, but they quickly outstripped any pursuit that might happen before they could get organized. “Where are we going?” Catra shouted over the sound of the engine.

“I don’t know,” Adora shrugged. She bit her lip, scanning the surrounding area for any place that might be safe to run to, hardly able to comprehend that they were even trying to run from the Horde. From their home. If they were caught...they’d be dead meat. She caught sight of the Whispering Woods in the distance. They were told stories of the horrible things that happened to soldiers that wandered into the woods. Hardly any of them ever came back out. “There,” she decided, pointing straight at the forest. Catra didn’t question her, adjusting course.

Or, well. She tried.

Turns out steering a flying ship was difficult, and Catra overcorrected, sending the skiff wobbling in a weaving pattern. The tip of the ship caught in the dirt and the girls went flying forward. Adora cried out as her already hurting head impacted the ground fairly hard while Catra hissed and whined as her claws dug into the dirt and she did her best to land on her feet.

Catra shook herself off and dragged Adora to standing. “Let’s go,” she murmured, giving Adora a quick hug before grabbing her hand. The forest was still over a mile away. Horde soldiers would definitely be after them by now. Shadow Weaver would want at least Adora back, though she probably didn’t care if Catra died in the process. Catra huffed, ignoring that thought and tugging on Adora to go faster. 

A few minutes later, the woods didn’t look any closer, and Catra’s ears flickered back, just picking up the faint sounds of skiff motors in the far distance. “Adora! We have to hurry c’mon!”

The two kids stumbled into the forest edge a small eternity later but didn’t dare stop. The skiffs were getting louder. Adora glanced up. “This way,” she said quietly, leading for the first time. 

“Why?”

“I don’t know. Come on.” There was a tiny path - maybe from some animal? - and Adora followed it persistently.

“Adoraaa, they’re getting louder,” Catra whispered, voice scared. The Horde was coming closer. She could hear individual voices now and they were all shouting orders about finding the girls. “Adora! Oof!” She ran into Adora’s solid back and fell flat on her butt.

Adora pointed at a thick tree trunk that had a gaping hole a few feet off the ground. “There!” she said excitedly. They both scrambled for it. Catra helped hoist Adora in then used her claws to crawl up the wood. “Shh.” Adora held a finger to her lips, then peeked out of the trunk. “Ah!” She ducked quickly back down. “Scoot back, scoot back!”

“I can’t,” Catra hissed. 

“They’re gonna find us!”

The two girls hid their faces in each others’ shoulders, waiting for the inevitable. They could hear one soldier stalking forward outside, his boots clanking and baton crackling. “-all the way out here for two little brats,” he growled. “When Shadow Weaver gets her hands on them -” 

Catra whimpered and Adora held her closer. Please please please. They couldn’t be caught now. “It’s gonna be ok,” she whispered in Catra’s ear. “I promise.” 

There was a snapping sound of branches breaking, then the soldier suddenly screamed. “Beast!” he yelled out the warning. A snarl was followed by the sounds of some stampeding animal. 

Adora flinched at the sight of some huge thing with horns sticking out of its face . She ducked back under the rim of the hole again. She waited for Catra to give the okay that she couldn’t hear them anymore, then crawled out of the hole. She landed with a thud as her legs gave out. “Catra, my head hurts,” she did her best not to whine, but it was still pounding.

“I know. Mine too.” Catra stiffened. “Adora!”

“What?”

Catra grabbed her by both shoulders and shook her, which just made Adora’s head hurt worse. “Do you remember what happened today?” she asked desperately.

“Of course I do, what are you talking about? We had morning spar, then brown ration bars - bleh - Kyle got shoved into a locker by Lonnie, afternoon simulation training, we were late to evening drill because we were playing up in our spot, and Shadow Weaver got mad at you, like always, even though it was my fault we were late ‘cause I didn’t want to leave, and then I came and got you and you came and got me,” Adora rambled out her report of the whole day. “And then we stole a skiff and we flew here and now we’re in some big scary forest and Catra! What if there are princesses here?!”

Catra looked relieved for a moment before she put on a nonchalant face. “Pfft, as if a princess could scare me after today,” she said with some bravado. “Dude. Adora, you hit Shadow Weaver! And I electrocuted her! And we lived to talk about it! How insane is that?!”

Adora rubbed her arm anxiously. “Catra? What do we do now?”

“Not go back to the Horde for a start. We deserted. They’d send us to the front lines. Or worse - Beast Island.” Both girls shuddered at that idea. If the Whispering Woods was bad, they’d heard Beast Island was a thousand times worse. No one survived Beast Island.

“But - there’s only the Rebellion otherwise.” That was an even worse option. All those stories of the horrors the princesses could wield with their evil magics. They’d probably be taken prisoner for being the enemy and tortured for information on the Horde. “They’re on the other side of this forest, right?”

Catra nodded. “I heard Octavia once saying something about the forest protecting the Rebellion or something. It’s the only thing keeping the Horde from crushing the Rebellion in a week tops since the Princess Alliance fell apart forever ago. Oh!” A sly grin crossed Catra’s face. “While I was following you and Shadow Weaver to that room, Octavia caught me.”

“What’d you do?” Adora asked, eyes wide.

Her best friend’s face was as proud as she’d ever seen it. “Scratched out her other eye and stole her baton! Now it’s mine!” Catra swung around the weapon she’d somehow managed to keep a hold of, making swooshing noises as she did. “Pretty cool, huh?”

“Wow,” Adora murmured. “She didn’t hurt you did she?”

“What?” Catra’s fur poofed out and her voice went squeaky. “No! As if Octavia would ever be fast enough to catch me,” she scoffed.

Adora looked around, trying to find anything that might be safe for them to sleep. Or something that might be food. Her stomach rumbled right on time. Catra’s too, almost as a response. “What do people eat besides ration bars?” Adora wondered.

Catra shrugged. “I dunno. You don’t think it’s leaves, do you?”

Glancing up at the trees, Adora shook her head. “I don’t think so? Maybe we should just look around.”

“What if we get lost?” Catra didn’t sound too worried about it, but someone had to ask.

“We’re in the Whispering Woods. I don’t think we can get more lost.”

Catra grinned over at her best friend. “We get to have an adventure!” she exclaimed.

Adora giggled and took Catra’s hand.

--

The first night was hard. Neither of the girls found anything they thought would be safe eating, although Adora had eventually tried a leaf before promptly spitting it out. Catra had fallen over laughing at the look on her face. The next morning, Catra woke up with worse hunger pains, grumpy and wishing for even a brown ration bar. She stayed curled around Adora, tail thumping gently against her friend’s back to keep her sleeping a little while longer. 

They used to do it all the time as kids, but in the last year had gotten into more and more trouble every night they tried to sleep in the same bed. Shadow Weaver had even dragged Catra to her office for additional ‘lessons’ some nights when she caught them red-handed. Catra snuggled in closer to Adora’s side, relishing the warmth she’d missed for months.

Eventually, Adora began squirming and kicking a little bit. Catra smiled as she watched her friend literally fight her way into wakefulness. Little too much Horde in her, probably. Always fighting. “Hey, Adora,” she called softly, starting to purr and help Adora wake up easier. “It’s morning.”

Adora gave a tiny little snort, making Catra giggle. A hand came up to rub gently at the base of one of Catra’s ears. Catra stiffened for a moment before her purr doubled in volume and she nestled down into the soothing scratches. “Mornin’,” Adora mumbled. 

“Food?” Catra asked hopefully. There had to be something in this forest they could eat.

“Yeah. Food,” Adora agreed. “Let’s go a little deeper into the trees. We can’t just stay on the edge and hope the Horde won’t find us. We’ll be safer in the thicker part of the forest.”

Catra couldn’t really argue with that so they set out. Catra sprung around, reveling in her new freedom to jump and climb where she pleased and no authorities to yell at her or get her in trouble. Adora stuck to the path, head still aching from the day before and stomach yelling for food, but she did enjoy watching Catra have fun for the first time in a long while. They used to be more carefree when they were younger.

There was a rustling in the bushes. Adora froze. “Catra?” she whispered, not even daring to move her lips. “Catra?” Catra landed next to her a moment later, hands up and claws out.

“What is it?”

“Something’s in there.” Adora nodded at the bush right in front of them. Catra nudged her hip out at Adora, prompting her to take the stun baton while she stuck with her claws. Adora activated it with a crack, and just as they were about to charge, a tottering, short old lady with the brightest clothes either of the girls had ever seen wandered out.

A staring contest ensued. Catra looked at Adora - back at the old lady. Adora was fixed on the old lady - then on to Catra - then back. The woman stared at both of them. Her face cracked into a wide grin. “Mara dearie! You are late for the pie making you are!” She trotted over and grabbed Adora by the cheek, dragging her back into the bushes.

“Hey! Wait!” Catra squeaked, taking off after her.

“You’re shorter than I remember you Mara! Did I go through a growth spurt? I’m far too old for those. Come, you’re almost late for pie.”

Adora stumbled along, her wrist now held in a surprisingly firm grip rather than her face. “Pie? What’s that - who are you? My name’s Adora, not Mara.”

“Yes, yes Mara dear,” the strange woman waved her off. “So much to do today!” It didn’t take long for them to reach a strange little hut dug into the woods that the woman hauled Adora inside of. “Now...where did I put that broom?” she muttered. “Broom! Where are you? Come come Mara, find my broom.”

“Uh - you mean, that broom?” Adora asked hesitantly, pointing at the broom leaning against the fireplace in plain sight.

Catra tumbled into the hut. “Adora! Are you okay?” She frantically checked Adora over for any new injuries.

“I’m fine. I think she’s just a confused old lady?” Adora side-eyed the woman rustling around various tables and shelves, talking to herself. 

“We should get out of here Adora,” Catra warned. “What if she’s a princess?” Her ears were flat against her head and she looked like she was about to hiss as her tail whipped back and forth anxiously.

Adora shook her head. “She’s not going to hurt us - I don’t think. And besides, I think a - pie - is something you can eat. Maybe she’ll let us have some?”

The growling stomach won out over Catra’s fears. “Fine. But if we die, I’m blaming you.”

“Come come Mara dearie, and bring your new friend!” The woman beckoned at the both of them from the doorway. When had she gotten all the way over there? Adora hadn’t even noticed her passing them. “You promised to help Madame Razz with berry picking today!”

“R-Right.” Catra squeezed Adora’s hand and followed her back outside, neither of them letting go. Too much had happened over the last day for them to let the other out of their sight.

Razz led the girls deeper into the woods before stopping abruptly at some bushes with a bunch for round, red - things - on them. “Are these...berries?” Catra asked. Adora could only shrug. But Razz started stripping them quickly from the bush, so the pair followed suit. Eventually, curiosity got the better of Catra and she held a handful up to the strange lady, a little scared. “Can I eat these?”

“Berries for the pie, it’s pie day today Mara’s friend!” Razz said cheerfully.

Not really needing any other convincing, Catra shoved some of the ‘berries’ into her mouth. A sweet flavor unlike anything she’d ever tasted burst across her tongue, followed by a tart feeling. Her ears flicked up and her tail went ramrod straight in excitement. “Adora,” she mumbled. “You gotta try these.” 

The girls ate about as many berries as went into the basket, but eventually it was full. Adora wandered off to see if there were any more bushes with the food on them, and stopped when she saw a strange looking building in front of her. It looked like it was made of crystal. Something seemed to glow from the inside and, entranced, Adora stepped closer. She was about to put her hand out to touch it when something hard whacked across her head.

“Not time, not time,” Razz scolded her, bringing the broom back to her side. Where had that even come from? “No, not the time! Pie!” She grabbed Adora by the collar and dragged her back into the bushes.

“Hey wait! What was that?” It felt important. Like Adora was supposed to go inside. How did she know there was an inside? Catra was following, looking more confused than she’d ever been but not quite knowing how to handle the crazy lady.

Razz plopped Adora down in a chair when they were suddenly at her hut. In what seemed like just a few seconds later, she’d assembled some dish holding the berries covered by a mixture of something. Razz snapped her fingers and a fire appeared in the pit. Both Adora and Catra screeched and jumped backward, ready for a fight. “What was that?” Catra hissed, claws out.

“Was that magic? Are you a princess?”

Razz just hummed happily and put the pie near the fire and set a timer. She scanned the girls up and down, scrutinizing them. “You and your friend are too skinny, Mara dear.”

“I said my name’s Adora.”

Razz’ eyes narrowed. “Nope! Not time yet for Adora, too soon too soon. Mara, what are you doing, talking about Adora? It’s not time for her yet, dearie.”

“She knows who you are?” Catra asked, head tilted.

“I have no idea.”

Catra yawned, sleepy again now that her stomach was full, and curled up near the fire. “Well, then I’m taking a nap until this pie thing is done. I want to see how berries taste hot.”

Adora sat down next to her and ran her hand through Catra’s hair, immediately setting her friend to purring. It didn’t take long for Catra to settle into the deep breaths of sleep. She listened to Catra with one ear, ready for any nightmares, and listened to Razz mumble on about various things. The lady was actually very informative when allowed to ramble. Adora learned about creatures who lived in the forest, and how if you payed attention, some dust motes that glowed could lead you to unexplored but useful places. Apparently Razz regularly held conversations with certain trees, and they listened. They could help. Help with what, Adora wasn’t sure, but she made a note of it. She and Catra would need all the help they could get to learn how to survive here, and Razz was the best option they were going to get.

--

After the weird day with Razz, Catra and Adora settled into making a home for themselves in the Whispering Woods. They decided living up in one of the trees was probably a good idea, to avoid any nasties that might wander around at night. They were still too nervous to stay with Madame Razz but they stuck close. Especially if she was going to make more pies. Catra had eaten half of the one Razz made that first day in less than a minute, with Adora not far behind. It was a million times better than even the gray ration bars at the Horde.

Just like Razz had said, the trees were accommodating to the two children that had wandered their way in, and seemed aware to a certain extent. While they were planning strategies in the early days of how they were going to build a home, Adora had happened to look up and stop dead in her tracks. Catra had been nearly pulled off her feet when the hand she was holding didn’t keep up with her. Adora had always been the stronger of the pair.

“Hey Adora? What is it?”

Adora just pointed up with her mouth slightly open. Two trees were slowly weaving their branches together into a platform, with their leaf tops crowding to form a roof, it looked like. “Is that - for us?” Adora asked, voice wavering nervously. A warm wind blew through the trees, ruffling their clothes as if in answer. Gold motes like Razz had mentioned swarmed around the new tree hut structure before disappearing. “I think our place to live problem is solved,” Adora grinned. 

Catra immediately clawed up one of the trunks to go explore their new house. “Adora! This is so cool! Get up here!”

“I’m coming.” Adora giggled and climbed up to join Catra. She wasn’t nearly as graceful, but she managed. She would get faster the more they had to do it, and they’d probably be doing this for a long time. Neither of them were willing to go anywhere near the Rebellion or its princesses. Staying in the woods was safest.

--

Learning to live with just each other after a lifetime surrounded by others and learning to survive in the wilds was a long process for both Catra and Adora. There was bickering, and sometimes all out fights - especially when long standing hurts from back when they lived in the Horde came into play. 

Six months into their new life was their worst fight to date. Winter was approaching, which they only knew about because the nights were getting colder and Madame Razz had said something about it and the berries disappearing. The Horde, with all its technology and pollution spilling into the sky, didn’t really have seasons. Adora might have mentioned, a bit desperately, that maybe they could tough out the winter by going back inside the Fright Zone to avoid the cold. She hadn’t meant to go back to the Horde, but Catra had misunderstood and immediately gone on the offensive.

“Just admit you want to go back to the Horde, Adora!” she yelled. “‘Cause, what? You had it so much better, right?”

“I don’t!” Adora retorted. “Catra they hurt you, I’m never going back. But that - that was the first time Shadow Weaver was going to hurt me, maybe if we go there, and I’m the only one wandering around and get caught, she won’t punish me.”

“IT WASN’T !”

Adora froze. Catra was panting, her claws out and all her fur standing on end as she glared at Adora. “What - what do you mean?” Catra hissed and looked away, her hands clenched so hard Adora was worried her claws would break skin. Adora took both of her fists and gently forced her to loosen her grip so that she could hold them. “What do you mean, Catra?”

Catra was looking everywhere but at her with an expression moving between anger and guilt. “The night we escaped the Horde wasn’t the first time we tried to run away,” she finally confessed.

“What are you talking about? Yes it was,” Adora said, confused.

“No. It wasn’t. You just - you don’t remember all the other ones.” Catra’s tail drooped to the ground, which it only did when Catra was utterly exhausted or sad. 

“I don’t...remember?”

Catra growled. “Shadow Weaver hurt me, yeah. All the time. And every time you saw her doing it, you tried to run away with me. And every single time, we got caught. I would get thrown into solitary for a couple days as punishment, and when I got out, you wouldn’t remember a thing. Shadow Weaver did something to you to make you forget trying to protect me, and I couldn’t stop her from doing it Adora!” Catra collapsed to the ground, sniffling into her knees. 

It was a lot to take in all at once. Her memories...weren’t real? How much of her life had Adora forgotten? How much of Catra had she forgotten? Overwhelming anger filled her briefly, but Adora forced herself to shut it down. Catra needed her right now. She knelt beside her best friend, placing a careful hand on her shoulder. Catra stiffened but relaxed after a moment. “I’m sorry I couldn’t save us,” Adora murmured, “that I couldn’t keep us safe and that I forgot. But Catra - you did protect us. You kept Shadow Weaver from hurting me again and you got us away from the Horde. You’re my hero Catra.”

Catra stilled, her crying stuttering to a stop. She came out of her hiding place behind her knees to stare into Adora’s eyes in awe. “R-Really?”

“You saved us, Catra. Of course you are. You’re my best friend and you always will be. As long as we’re together, nothing bad can happen.”

“Promise?”

“I promise.” She hadn’t broken one yet, and she wasn’t going to start now. 

--

The Whispering Woods couldn’t talk, so to speak, but if they could, they’d spend all their days discussing the adventures of their little feral forest children. Madame Razz had been the first, and the woods still didn’t really understand her comings and goings through time, but the two younger ones they took great joy in. Their excitement over every little thing the trees brought them each day and the way they always wanted to learn more about their home kept the woods more entertained than they ever had been. Even when the last She-Ra had been around. They knew the potential for one of the children, the daughter of the Eternians, but it wasn’t time yet. It wasn’t time.

As the children grew, the trees introduced them to larger beasts, more challenging scenarios, letting them play and grow and learn to trust each other even more than they always had. The Whispering Woods was magical yes, but it was also old. It remembered the magics locked away in the planet - one of the few to remember. And the two girls now living there were capable of having a great impact on the war that had been hurting the woods for so many years.

Their children were getting older though. Perhaps it was time to introduce a new...wrinkle into their lives. They were ready for it.