Eda: [gets pulled over]

cop: papers

Eda: scissors [drives off]

Luz: So how old were you guys when you found out Santa wasn't real?

Edric, whispering to Emira: How old am I?

Emira: We're 16, Ed

Edric: I was 16

Camilia: I said I wanted McDonald's.

Eda: yea and I bought you McDonald's.

Camilia: I MEANT A BIG MAC OR SOMETHING, NOT THE ENTIRE COMPANY? EDA WTF?

Boscha: why are you ignoring Luz?

Amity: I'm playing hard to get

Boscha: why would you do that? you're already hard to want

Kidnapper: we have your older siblings

Amity: oh no can I speak to them?

Kidnapper: make it quick [hands phone to Ed and Em]

Amity: goodbye you little shits

Luz: can we please stay in your room?

Amity: why?

Emira: we played with an ouija board and cursed ours

Luz: and Edric isn't much help, he doesn't know how to banish spirits, he just throws salt at them and yells "does this look like a hotel to you?!"

Camilia: could you please go to the store and get a carton of milk? If they have avocados, get six

[Later]

Eda: walks in with six cartons of milk

Eda: they had avocados

Amity: I’ve never had a best friend.

Luz: I’ll be your best friend!

Amity:

Amity, turning to Luz: I’ve never had a girlfriend either.

Boscha: I’m a magician, I can make you forget that you’re gay

Amity: but I’m not gay

Boscha: see, you already forgot

Amity: ...

Edric: Can we get McDonald's?

Emira: No, we have food at home.

Edric, crying: I hate this fucking family

Boscha: [sneezes] Amity: Bless you.

Luz: [sneezes] Amity, already wrapping Luz in blankets and feeding her soup: Oh my god, are you sick?! How could I have let this happen?! You poor thing!

Willow: [sneezes] Amity: Oh my fucking god shut the fuck up.

Camilia: honey, did I ever tell u that u cook well?

Eda: aww, no babe

Camilia: so why do you keep cooking?

Amity: Whoever took my pie, come forward and all will be forgiven.

Luz:

Edric:

Emira:

Amity: Smart. You knew I would never forgive you.

Edric: welcome to my very first vlog in which I try different hair products

[Sprays hairspray into mouth]

Edric: well, right off the bat I could tell you this one is not very good.

A random person in hexside: Ugh, that blight girl is such a snob, isn't she? She thinks she's better than everyone here...

Amity:

The same person as before: And her "girlfriend", that human? So dumb and Naive. I don't know how they let her study here when she can't even do magic properly.

Amity: WHAT DID YOU SAY?!. That's The LOVE OF MY LIFE you are Talking about. You do NOT talk about MY girlfriend in such a degrading manner. I will PUNCH you. Boscha LET ME GO. THIS BITCH WILL NOT SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY AGAIN, LET ME GO-

Willow: how do you tall people sleep? the blanket can't possibly cover all of you

Boscha: willow, it's four o'clock in the morning

Willow: so you can't sleep? is it because of the blanket?

Luz: Amity, truth, or dare?

Amity: Truth

Luz: How much sleep have you had over the past week?

Amity:

Amity: Dare

Luz: I dare you to get a good nights sleep

Amity: daMMIT

Luz: I bet I can fit the whole world in my hands.

Amity: That's impossible, the planet has a diameter of more than 12,000 kilometers. I-

Luz, cupping Amity's face: See?

Amity, Blushing furiously: Stop it I have a reputation.

Boscha: Wow the stars are beautiful tonight

Willow: Yeah they are

Boscha: You know who else is beautiful though?

Willow and Boscha: Luz.

Luz, shooting her head up from where she's stargazing with Amity: Pardon?

Amity, spaced out: Yeah she beautiful

Narrator: here we have the beautiful couple

Luz: I care about your feelings!

Amity: I care about your feelings too!!!

Narrator: And over here, the disaster gays

Boscha: You need to spend more time with me and less time in the Infirmary!!!

Willow: I wouldn't have to spend so much time in the Infirmary if you didn't insist on fighting everyone who comes within five feet of us!!!

Lilith: WHO is responsible for THIS?

Amity: I think it was probably Luz, but I’m going to blame Willow

Luz: I think it was probably Gus, but I’m going to blame Amity

Willow: I think it was probably Luz, but I’m gonna blame Gus

Gus: I think it was probably Amity, but I’m down with this, so I’m going to take the credit

Eda: It was completely, unequivocally my fault, but no way in hell I'm going to own up to it

Amity: man sure is dark in here

Luz:

Amity: I'm not scared of anything!

Luz:

Amity: I mean, who's scared of the dark these days, not me no sir...

Luz: do you want me to hold your hand?

Amity: yes, please