Not your fault, huh?

 

Tears ran freely down Amity’s face.

 

Her hands shook as she desperately tried to wipe them away.

 

“Leave me alone .”

 

I can’t. 

 

“I already said I was sorry.”

 

Sorry doesn’t cut it. 

 

I’m dead.

 

Amity screamed in frustration, black painted nails dragging down the side of a tree. The woods which usually provided her escape from reality felt like they were crashing down around her.

 

“You were in the wrong place at the wrong time.”

 

“Not.”

 

“My.”

 

“Fault.”

 

The ghost regarded her with cold eyes, no trace of sympathy on her translucent features.

 

There’s no one for you to shift the blame on. 

 

Your fault.

 

Amity refused to look at the ghost, or her dead body only feet away.

 

I wish I could leave.

 

But I’m stuck with you.

 

Until you make peace with me.

 

“What, is there some sort of official rule book for these sorts of things? Or are you just hell-bent on torturing me for the rest of my miserable life.”

 

Only for murderers.

 

Amity punched the tree in agony, feeling blood trickle down her knuckles as the rough bark smashed into her fist.

 

“It was an accident.”

 

Involuntary manslaughter.

 

The ghost’s tone was flippant, making Amity grit her teeth.

 

“Are you making some sort of sick joke?”

 

Jokes are for the living. In death, there’s nothing to joke about. 

 

Amity paced the clearing, still refusing to look at the body, refusing to look at the spirit, refusing to acknowledge the scene. Perhaps it would fade away if she ignored it, like a nightmare forcibly forgotten. She’d had plenty of practice.

 

Please, let it be a dream.

 

Look at me.

 

“No.”

 

So stubborn. 

 

You’ll never be rid of me this way.

 

That is what you want, right?

 

The ghost sounded bitter, as if she was biting back angry words.

 

“I want you gone.”

 

Then look at me, and remember. That’s the first step.

 

“I remember plenty. I don’t need a repeat experience.”

 

Stop walking away from me.

 

Amity turned on her heel, forcefully meeting the eyes of the spirit. They were empty and cold, but she could still remember the warmth they once held, like pools of liquid chocolate.

 

The memory sent a pang of unwelcome guilt through her.

 

“I may be stubborn, but you’re a thousand times more bossy than me.”

 

The ghost walked towards her, leaves resting undisturbed beneath her feet. 

 

You need to see it from a different perspective.

 

Then we can heal.

 

“There’s no ‘we’ here!”

 

“Haunt me as much as you want, but you can figure this out yourself.”

 

The ghost looked almost sad, and the air around Amity grew colder.

 

I can’t, I told you. 

 

I need your help.

 

“I won’t help you! You don’t know me, you don’t know what I’ve been through. You shouldn't have been here, and don’t think that you can put this on me. I didn’t know. I didn’t know. ”

 

Amity was crying again. 

 

In her distraction, she didn’t notice how close the ghost had come. She looked up, gold staring into muted brown, and the spirit reached out with one translucent hand.

 

She touched Amity’s forehead with a cold finger, and she was surprised that she could actually feel it.

 

Then she crumpled to the forest floor.

 

~~~

 

The forest was awake, a chilly breeze blowing through trees, rustling the flame colored leaves. The late afternoon sun filtered through the trees, offsetting a slight chill from the breeze. Birds twittered, and squirrels ran up and down trees, playing tag.

 

It was a beautiful fall day. 

 

Amity’s disembodied soul floated in the trees, powerless to change her direction or move anywhere.

 

A flash of purple caught her gaze, and a sickening feeling filled her.

 

It was an odd feeling, to see herself on the ground, shooting bolts of fire from her hand while her own soul floated to the side.

 

A different perspective. 

 

Stupid ghost. 

 

Past Amity yelled in frustration, sending a particularly large fireball through the trunk of an oak, causing it to topple over and crack as it hit the ground. 

 

A growing sense of unease built in her as she watched her past self destroy more trees, and she finally understood her parents harsh words, the reason that she’d been out here in the first place.

 

“Too powerful,” her mother had said.

 

“Too unstable, too unpredictable,” her father had said.

 

Amity watched as her past self grew more and more enraged, magic bubbling out of her, sleeping through her skin. 

 

It was….unsettling to watch.

 

She heard the snap of a branch breaking, and both present and past Amity turned their heads to see a figure emerge from the trees, face etched with concern.

 

She wanted to call out a warning, but it was already too late. As if it would’ve helped, regardless.

 

The magic exploded out of her body, slamming into the girl’s figure, a wave of fire and magic washing across the clearing, slightly scorching the forest. A flock of birds took flight, twittering madly as they hurried away from the explosion.

 

Having averted her eyes, present Amity turned back towards the scene, seeing herself stir on the ground. She watched in horror as her past self stood up and brushed off her clothes, before freezing as she took in the body next to her. 

 

Luz. 

 

She knew the girl’s name, having briefly encountered her several times. 

 

Amity watched herself kneel next to the body.

 

The girl's dark hair was messy and tousled, spread across the leaves like a halo. Her clothes were singed and smoking, arms and legs askew on the ground. Her neck was twisted at an unnatural angle, eyes half-lidded and empty. 

 

She watched herself check for a pulse, and jump back, face white as a sheet, when one failed to reach her ears.

 

“No!”

 

She watched herself let out a shuddering breath and cover her face, as if it would remove the images burned into her head. 

 

She watched Luz’s spirit materialize next her body as her past self sobbed. The spirit sat down, arms folded, a melancholy look on her face as she took in past Amity’s sobbing form.

 

Amity saw herself raise her head and take in the ghost, face somehow going whiter than it’d been before. She scrambled away, trying to escape, do anything but be there.

 

“Please, I’m sorry! You weren’t supposed to be here.”

 

Her past self managed to find her way off the ground.

 

“This isn’t my fault!”

 

Not your fault, huh?

 

~~~

 

Amity came to with a gasp, fresh tears stinging in her eyes.

 

The ghost of Luz Noceda stood off to the side, a frown etched into her features.

 

Now you see.

 

The world blurred as tears fell from her eyes onto the forest floor. The ghost took a step towards her, and Amity held up a hand to stop her. After a minute, she glanced up with a burning look in her red-rimmed eyes.

 

“I’ll help you, as long as you never do that again.”

 

Fine with me. 

 

Trembling, Amity found her way to her feet.

 

 


