 So here we are, your introduction to Sburb. This chapter shall not revel in memes by spamming the apocalypse puns that are so popular in Sburb FAQ introductions. There is something mordant about wits attempted by repetition. However still, the truth about what you should expect from Sburb has to be dropped. And it has to be dropped hard. So put on your blast-resistant shades, it's time to chaos dunk that shit and it's happening bzzzt now.



So, you are playing Sburb?



I won't say I'm sorry. I'm not. You're the one who is about to be sorry, because it's time for you to stop construing adventures as games that you can win or lose. These are empty words from a world bygone that used to make sense. Where you are going, you won't need them. It is a place that has fuck-all to do with the idea of victory or defeat. Because you are not going to win this. You already lost. You lost the second you got your hands on that Sburb CD and grinned like an idiot. Now you're just making one continuous mistake as you ride the I-keep-losing-forever train, off the rails, right into the endless desert of shit-not-making-sense after crashing through every obstacle of reason and common sense that you could cling unto so you could hope to pretend you knew what you were doing.



In case that wasn't clear, you are going to surf the wave of the genocide of your people, you are going to wrestle with more forced plot twists than teenage fanfiction, you are going to hurt constantly and fight constantly and move constantly and always always wonder what is even the point, at every corner you are likely to stumble into a bad end and be forgotten by all who ever cared, at every though you'll risk losing your grasp on yourself and doing somethings which can never be made alright, and in the end you are going to die. You'll notice that this FAQ will remind you often that you are going to die. One way or another, it's going to happen. Welcome to the corpse party.



So breathe through your nose, see through your eyes, listen through your ears and keep reading. It is already too late to change anything. It is a complete waste to spend any feelings on the what-could-have-been. The armageddon thing was going to happen anyway. Nothing you could do about it. So just repeat to yourself: the more I think about it the worse it will be. And then go forward. Lift your eyebrows, raise your chin, drink the light with your eyes and keep it all together into an upward movement. Even if you have to crawl on your knees, all that matters is that you do it forward. You are making this happen, and it's real, and it's now, and its not about the end line, it's about the journey, and look-a-that even the journey is just going to be total bullshit. Bet you a decaboonbuck on it, it ain't going anywhere.



But this thing which passes as your big adventure is all that you have now. You don't have anything else. It's going to grab your hand and take you for a dance whether you want it or not. So grip that hand. Don't just hold it and let these fuckers rock you like like a piece of driftwood in the storm. Squeeze your butt, conjure a feeling of hunger in your guts, expose as many teeth to the air as you can with a mighty grin, take that hand and make them dance.



They say that you only realize how much fun you were having once a game is back in the cupboard. Or they say that sometimes, it's only when it's all over that you look back and realize that you never let yourself have fun. And then something will click inside you and you'll laugh at how silly it ever was. Well I'm going to spoiler how your Sburb adventure will end. Once everything is said and done that, you will just stand there and ask yourself "is that it", waiting to be awashed by a feeling of lukewarm nostalgia that will never come. Things just happen; and there's nothing to say on the matter. As they zoom into the past, one second at the time, you will forget it all. And then you'll find yourself jumping up and down, ready to announce how in your next game you are going to rip the fabric of the universe. Again.



You are going to do this because it is what everybody does. And maybe, maybe somewhere in all this, you'll grow up. Like, when you're not busy dying.