He had been warned.

"Never go into the woods."

"The forest is a dangerous place."

"The wild is no place for young boys like you."

Yes, he had been warned. Countless times from his Great Uncle and a number of other townsfolk.

However, Dipper Pines was a twelve-year-old boy, not even on the cusp of puberty, ready to become his own man though not yet tall enough to grab his own destiny and take it by the reins. It didn't matter if he couldn't grab his destiny yet, however. Who needed it when you had an encyclopedia of knowledge at your fingertips?

He ignored the fact that it was stolen.

He stared at the large trees towering above, having already caught their destiny. However, the trees didn't have the knowledge he had. Hugging the journal to himself tightly, he slowly stepped into the great shade of the trees.

The leaves were like emeralds, shaped and cut perfectly to Mother Nature's whims; carefully cultivated with harsh summer heat, long winters, cruel wind, and mocking forest creatures.

Rolling his shoulders, trepidation filling his veins, Dipper took another step towards the vast woods before him. Mocha eyes blinking, he placed his hand onto the bark presented to him, feeling the rough tree-skin under the pads of his fingers. It was strong and sturdy, and powerful in the most passive of ways. Eternal. Old as the very Earth itself, it seemed.

He sighed. If trees could talk, they would have so much to say. So much wisdom to impart.

If only every object could talk, could speak of the horrors they'd been through. From the walls that witnessed a man get murdered to the roof that held in the whispers of a young mother soothing her babe. To the graves that soaked up weeps of sorrow. To the blades of grass that took in every excited step of one going on a new adventure.

Dipper stepped past his first tree.

Just inside the treeline, he could feel the air buzz with a beauty and energy not found in his humble town, not found in any village a person could hope to dream of. The forest was wilderness, was anarchy, was uncivilized.

There were no rules here. No laws. No expectations. Nothing of that sort.

He breathed in the buzzing air, energy crackling inside his lungs, gifting him with new life and light.

He stepped deeper into the forest, the hardcover of the journal biting into his chest.

Light filtered through the jade leaves, soft and gentle. It soothed his skin, warm hands roaming over him, comforting him in the best of ways. The sun was not harsh and cruel that day. No, it was warm and kind; it breathed life into him and the forest around him, a trickle of heat, a flash of embers, just enough to pet and hold him.

Taking in all that was around him, feeling like he was walking on clouds themselves, he continued on into the forest, lost to it's controlling appeal.

Dipper went deeper and deeper inside, feet trailing over roots and vines with unnatural ease, like how one would walk when returning home. The ground sloped gently underneath him, constant just like the surrounding trees.

The sounds of woodland beasts echoed around him, distant and normal.

The peck-pecking of the woodpeckers.

The tip-tapping of the squirrels.

The tweet-tweet of sweet birdsong.

The music of the forest was a melody of grass swaying in time to the push of the wind, leaves accepting their descent into the ground every fall, the slow growth of a bud into beautiful pastel petals. It was harmonization, it was a blend. Sweet as berries. Bitter as herbs. Symphonic and simple.

He couldn't help but let out a small giggle, a noise he would normally be ashamed of making. But here, in such a wondrous place where dreams collided with reality, he found that he did not care for what others thought. No, in a place so mystical, considering such damaging things were not needed.

Dipper's giggles echoed around him, falling in sync with the orchestra currently playing for him. It was a light sound, full of happiness and true belonging.

Finally slowing to a stop, he collapsed under the shade of one of the identical yet individual pines. Letting his back hit the rough bark, he felt it rub against his skin through his shirt in a welcoming way, like a father telling their son "good job."

Splaying his legs out in front of him, he hummed as the too-soft grass brushed light and gentle digits across his skin, reassuring and motherly.

Relaxing fully, Dipper propped the stolen journal between his knees, staring intently at the object of his desire for so many months. It was old and worn, hard cover torn and stained in a number of places. A single, odd six-fingered hand print was in the middle, solid and gleaming gold. A single 3 was printed perfectly into place with a stable hand. Pages stuck out at strange angles, yellowed and slightly brittle. Carefully, Dipper peeled the cover open, taking in the journal's raggedy appearance with greedy eyes. He scanned the first page and quickly moved onto the second.

Then the third.

He leafed through the pages with cautious fingers, trying not to smear natural sweat onto the already damaged book. He took in every stroke of ink, every masterpiece of a sketch in, mind open and knowing to the possibilities, absorbing the insight presented to him with his very soul.

So many manners of mysteries were held, encoded using various means that he couldn't even begin to crack without a writing utensil.

Dipper was absorbed in what was presented to him; a magical forest bursting with magical creatures and mysteries and beauty.

It was an adventure. Something he had dreamed of for a long time. Those townsfolk had been wrong.

Stan had been wrong.

There was absolutely nothing to fear in these woods.

Nothing at all.

Flipping through pages upon pages of cutesy creatures, deadly plants, and mystical spells he knew he would have to try at some point, the twelve-year-old boy did not notice the sky blacken with clouds, snuffing the sun out of its rightful place in the sky.

Nor did he notice the caressing wind fall still, leaves cold, lifeless, and dull.

The grass seemed to wilt around him. It was no longer inviting, instead becoming sharp and scratchy against his bare legs.

It was only then did he notice the transformation taking place around him.

Jerking his head up in surprise, he stared at the change around him, fearful and confused.

Shadows stretched out with wicked claws, ready to grasp and tear into anything they could get. The once regal trees seemed knotted and bent, twisted faces with looks of agony and terror splashed across their trunks. The leaves no longer let filtered light flow in, instead blocking the little light of safety out, obscuring his clear vision of the area around him.

Fright started to freeze his heart, a slow burning cold that overflowed his stomach with ill dread. Ice spreading its frigid fingers to his lungs, he couldn't stop the gasps that started to claw out between his teeth. Limbs paralyzed, trembles rocked his skin, goose flesh rising fast, he gulped as deep and low breaths filled the area, silencing the woodpeckers and the squirrels and the birds.

His eyes were glued to the front of him, wide and fearful as a pair of glowing orbs faded into view. They shone sharp and red, pinpoints of evil studying him. Devouring him.

His mouth slid open in a tiny gasp, air rushing past his now dry lips without making a sound.

He couldn't scream.

The woods were dangerous after all.

He had been wrong.

The pinpoints of red grew larger as the creature stepped closer, footfalls heavy and echoing, thumping on the forest floor, snapping twigs once in awhile.

A thick pair of what looked like deer horns slowly slid into view, the bone-like protrusions dark and twisted, bathed in what appeared to be dried blood. A bloodstained off-white maw appeared afterwards, elongated and, as expected, deer-like as well. The creature's sharp broken teeth were bared in the low lighting, flesh clearly visible between the incisors. A thick, blackened tongue flickered out to lick it's jaw.

Dipper's breathing picked up, fueled by terror yet unable to really move. This creature was like nothing he'd ever seen before, not even in his books. A monster through and through, ready to tear anything and everything apart.

This beast- this monster looked to be straight from Hell. It wouldn't shock him if it was.

The beast slowly slunk into a full view. Brown and dirty fur covered it, coarse and matted with the juices of previous victims. Large chunks of flesh were rotting away, giving full view of the working muscle and bone beneath, ligaments a gleaming white. Despite it's obvious deer-like appearance, the creature had the hands and feet of a man, tipped with long and sharp black claws. Now that it was closer, he could clearly see its impressive height, easily four times taller than himself.

His breathing picked up even more, lungs not able to hold onto his breath for long. His heart clenched, as if it was trying to eat itself while his stomach rolled with bile at the stench the beast brought with it; a stench of death and rotting meat.

Dipper's vision wavered around the edges with fear as the thing stalked ever closer, jaw opening wider. Bending it's head down, it actually laughed at him, a broken and disjointed sound, harsh and cruel. Beastly.

He didn't know what gave him strength to close his eyes. He didn't know how he could simply shut his immediate death from his own eyes and wait. Maybe it was the creature itself, hulking and evil. Or perhaps he didn't want to see his own flesh ripped up from his bone. Or, what was most likely and what he would never actually admit out loud, he was scared.

Honest to gods scared.

He could now feel the creature's breath against his face. Hot, ragged, and moist, smelling even worse than his decomposing body. Sickened physically, emotionally, and mentally, Dipper could do nothing but wait to feel agony splinter through his body as he was torn from this world.

However, that did not happen.

Just as he started to feel the brush of a slimy, cold tongue across his cheek, heat flared directly in front of him. He could feel the heat the strange fire had, sharp and unnatural.

There was a distorted shriek of pain and heavy footfalls stumbling away from him, shaking the very ground and air.

The shrieks continued, along with the roar from the mysterious fire. He could feel anger in the waves of heat, pulsating and greedy. Still unable to move with all the fright pumping through him the young child could only sit there, curled up in a ball at this point, let whatever was happening happen and hope he wouldn't befall the same fate.

All too soon, the shrieks were cut off and the heavy footfalls stopped. The raging fire he could feel smoldering all around him evaporated as quickly as it came and with it, absconded the heat.

All was silent around him, a void full of nothing but the picture of his own blank mind.

Very gently, he felt something dart under his eye, barely touching the skin. It was warm and smooth, obviously a nice fabric of some sort. Suddenly highly aware that something was touching him, his mocha eyes flashed open.

The hand was indeed covered in a glove, a sheer black one that was obviously expensive. Despite the color of the item, his tears stains were wet and obvious.

When did he start crying?

Dipper's eyes followed the hand up a long arm clothed in some sort of nice and expensive-looking yellow waist coat adorned by what looked like some sort of brick pattern with a crisp white undershirt. A black bow-tie was nestled in the middle of his neck, expertly woven and straight as can be. His brown eyes continued to wander upwards.

His savior's face was sharp and shapely, somehow being both masculine and feminine simultaneously. His skin was smooth and olive-toned, nearly perfect besides the small splotches of golden freckles that stretched over his cheeks. His hair was neatly styled, black and gold and parted over one of his eyes. Dipper couldn't tell what his natural hair color was. The other eye was the color of honey but held none of the sweetness. No, the gold was intense with a dangerous edge that promised both danger and mischief. Completing him was the straight and formal top hat perched directly above his head, floating about an inch off.

"Well, well. What do we have here? A boy lost in the woods?" The man said, voice surprisingly high-pitched and slightly grating. His lips twisted into a pointed smile, wide with too many teeth that were too sharp to be normal. He crouched down before him.

Dipper gulped, mouth suddenly dry. The stories from his childhood floated back into his mind, of mysterious creatures luring children into the woods only to be lost forever in the winding trees.

"What's the matter? Wendigo got your tongue?" The man laughed, leaning back on his haunches to watch the boy with curious eyes.

"W-What?" He croaked out, voice dry and brittle.

"Wendigo? That thing that just tried to take a bite out of you?" His voice was nothing but nasally and mocking.

His mind spun around in circles, vaguely pulling at the memory of the creatures that ate and ate but could never be satisfied.

"Oh- Oh yeah," He stuttered, eyes darting about. The man in front of him was weird. Not in a bad way, but not in a good way either. Weird in the sense that he knew he was mentally unhinged and didn't know what move he'd make next.

The strange man cocked an eyebrow, but said nothing, lips still pulled in a wide grin. "So-" His eyes darted up at the tree he was currently curled against, "-Pine Tree, what are you doing in the forest?"

Dipper blinked at the sudden appearance of the odd nickname, but said nothing of it. He knew better than to give creatures your real name and there was no doubt about it; this man wasn't human.

Hugging his stolen journal tighter to himself, he flushed slightly in embarrassment. He had been acting so stupid, hadn't he? Wanting knowledge of the dangerous unknown and exciting adventures at the same time...

Eyes dropping to the ground, he straightened himself out some, shoulders tense and sore. "Just...exploring," He mumbled.

"'Just exploring?'" The strange man echoed with a chortle. "You're not the brightest, are ya?"

Narrowing his brown eyes, Dipper quickly sat up, back ramrod straight, past fear and current worry pushed to the back of his mind. "I'm not stupid!" He protested, eyes burning, "I just wanted to figure this place out!"

The strange man smirked, baring every single pearly white tooth in the process. His smile stretched way to wide to be natural while pure amusement danced in his eyes. "And then you almost died."

Dipper flushed angrily, eyes quickly falling back down to the grass underfoot.

"And without my help, you would've too." He swung his head back in mock sadness, sarcasm oozing from his tone, "I'm hurt, Pine Tree. You've not even offered a thank you," The strange man snapped his head back, eyes wide and bright. "I didn't have to save you."

Flushing deeper, Dipper kept his mocha eyes trained on the ground below him. For whatever reason, thanking this...guy left a bad taste in his mouth. However, that didn't mean the strange man wasn't right. Swallowing his pride, he coughed out a "thank you."

However, the man was not impressed. He tsked, disappointed. "Oh no, that won't do at all, really. I mean, I did have to remind you. Not a very mature thing, is it?"

Cranking his head up to meet that gold gaze, Dipper let out a slightly nervous huff."Then- then what do you want?" He asked, regretting the question as soon as it left his lips, hating the fact that he stuttered.

The strange man looked completely enthusiastic. "Oh, I have a number of ideas!"

He stood up suddenly, causing the brunet to startle in surprise. The golden-haired man easily stood past six feet, dwarfing him. His grin was absolutely predatory, a complete flip of emotion that left the brunet reeling.

"Simple. It's so boring here. I mean, after you've seen one tree, you've seen all of them." He eyed the boy. "Usually," He tacked on at the end.

The brunet wiggled a bit under the gaze.

"So, since it's so boring here-" The man leaned over, getting much too close to his face for Dipper's liking. "-and you want to explore-" At this, his long tongue darted out to lick his lips. "-and not get killed, how about you just come on by...oh, twice a week or so? And entertain me."

The boy blinked in surprise. "What do you mean by...entertainment?" He asked, suspicious. All sorts of terrible things came to mind. After all, a normal person wouldn't demand payment for saving someone's life.

Nor did they control fire.

"Oh, nothing too bad. You seem like a smart kid. Watching you blunder around this place and try to make heads or tails of anything is sure to bring a laugh!"

"And I won't be in any danger?"

"Sure!"

Dipper squared his shoulders and thought deeply. It wasn't like he had much of a choice, really. The strange man did save his life. Plus, he'd be able to come back, free of harm!

It was a win-win situation all around.

"Okay," He agreed, climbing up to his feet. Even standing, his rescuer towered over a foot above him.

"So-" The man's eye flashed an electric blue. "-Do we have a deal?"

"Um...yes?" The boy said slowly.

Before he could do anything, a gloved hand coated in azure flames darted out and grabbed his sweaty palm in a firm handshake. Crying out in surprise, he tried to pull away.

The man dropped his hand as quick as he was to grab it, blue flames vanishing, leaving no trace that they were ever there in the first place.

"Wha-what was that?" Dipper spluttered, observing his hand for any wounds.

The strange man guffawed again, eyes squeezed tightly. "You're a riot, Pine Tree! You act like you've never seen a god before!"

The brunet stilled, shock overcoming his mind. "You're a god?"

The man brushed invisible dust off himself, grinning like a Cheshire cat. "Of course! Bill Cipher-" His eyes narrowed, "-at your service."

The brunet's eyes widened, taking in the god of the mind. Old, half-forgotten tall tales ran through his mind, most of them rather gruesome.

"Don't tell me you've never heard of me!" Bill said, his tone edged with challenging hostility.

"N-no. I've heard of you," Dipper said quickly, not wanting to anger the god. In all honesty, he didn't recall all that much about Bill Cipher. Only that he was considered evil by most, though for what reason he didn't remember.

Still, being evil was bad enough to cause alarm bells to rip through his mind.

Dipper gulped thickly, mind struggling to comprehend the situation he had somehow found himself in. It was widely known that the gods were highly dangerous and one should never ever seek one out.

Yet here he was, having not only been saved by a supposedly evil god, but also conversing with him and making a deal with him.

Dipper felt like he was going to be sick. He just sold himself to a being with immense power who wanted to watch him make a fool out of himself for entertainment.

However, Dipper reminded himself. You also get to explore the forest without fear of dying.

"You still there, Pine Tree? You seem pretty out of it," The god chuckled to himself.

Dipper quickly shook his head. "I-I'm fine," Very carefully, he tried to inch his way to the right. Though he made a, well, stupid in hindsight deal, it didn't mean he wanted to stay in the god's presence any longer than he had to.

Bill let him slide to the right of the tree, keeping that one gold eye on him.

"Well, it's getting late and I have to- to go back home. Yeah," Dipper muttered, eyes darting around to figure out where he had come from.

Bill laughed, "Of course. But do you know the way back home?"

Dipper gulped once more, masking his anxiety behind false bravery. "Of course I do! Why wouldn't I? I walked here pretty much in a straight line and I can get myself back out no problem! I don't need your help or anything at all so don't even offer because I'm fine!" He rambled.

Bill threw his head back once more and laughed. "You really are a riot, Pine Tree! You'll be great entertainment, I just know it!"

Dipper scowled and backed up some, hoping it was the same direction he had come from. "Yeah, yeah. I'm going to go now."

Bill smirked. "Very well. Don't forget about our deal."

Though the god spoke with a cheerful tone, Dipper could clearly hear the threat behind his words, causing a shiver to run down his spine.

"I won't," He promised before turning around and diving back into the trees.

Bill's laugh echoed behind him.

Making sure he was far enough away from the mad god, Dipper slowed his run into a tired walk, the muscles in his legs screaming. Groaning, he stared around at his surroundings. The forest was beautiful and alive once again, though awash in a different canvas of colors, light orange and pinks streaking the sky behind the emerald leaves.

It was getting late and he had no clue where he was.

Blinking hard, Dipper quickly but carefully flipped through the journal he had, searching for a map or something that could help him out.

Unfortunately, the little book had nothing. All the boy could find were the drawings of different beasts and creatures, random spells, and paragraphs of the mysterious code.

Nothing helpful.

Leaning against a nearby pine, Dipper breathed deeply through his nose and started to count to ten, trying to chase away his panic.

He really should have asked Bill to lead him out. Sometimes, Dipper really hated his pride.

Pushing himself off the tree, the brunet decided to simply walk as straight as he could. The forest didn't go on forever and he would eventually have to reach an edge.

Right?

Padding through the brush and trees, Dipper was highly aware of the darkening sky above him, soft pinks and oranges becoming more vibrant as the sky-blue fell into black. Shadows stretched all around him, distorting against the rough pines and undergrowth, creating grotesque but illusionary monsters, lingering at the edge of his vision.

Swallowing, the brunet quickened his pace, low-hanging twigs scraping against his bare legs, causing thin and shallow scratches to rise. Blood began beading through.

Not even noticing the pain, Dipper marched on, focusing on keeping his breathing under control as fright hung on his heart and panic filled his lungs. Gasping now, he continued his chanting count in his head, trying to force his breaths to slow down and become even.

His normal exercises weren't working.

Tears welling in his eyes, the young boy broke into a full-on sprint, crashing through the undergrowth. The screeching of leaves and twigs snapping back and forth followed the young boy, scaring off the more passive and normal woodland creatures...

...while calling the more predatory ones closer.

Dipper let out a small scream when a low and long howl pierced the air, wet and hungry. Soon after, three more joined the first in an acapella of ruthlessness.

Feeling full on terror once again, Dipper fell into a panic as he scrambled away. No longer running in a straight line, the boy dodged around trees and cut his own pathway through the overgrown woods, more lost than ever before.

Tears streaming down his face, the boy could hear more howling behind him, this time faint wet pants joining in. Whatever the things were- normal wolves or something worse, Dipper didn't know nor did he want to. He just had to get away. Mind completely blank, there was nothing in the brunet's world besides fear, shadows, and his own breathing.

Dipper let out another cry as the sound of multiple bodies crashing through the underbrush fell behind him, echoing his own desperate escape. He could definitely hear pants now, along with the sound of animal snarls and the snapping of what was most likely very large teeth.

Dipper didn't turn around to check.

The beasts were getting closer and fast, their momentum causing leaves to fly all around. Twigs snapped angrily under their heavy footfalls, the noise ringing in Dipper's ears.

Gasping from exertion and his panic, the brunet's legs screamed at him to stop. Stop and rest. Cramps wriggled their way between his muscles, stabbing at him with sharp and cruel knives. More tears streamed down his face.

He was going to die.

The realization hit his heart like a bullet, tearing apart the organ in an explosion of metal, gunpowder, and vicious blue fire...

Blue fire leaped hungrily into the air, surrounding him in it's ethereal dance. The flames lit up the sky, temporarily blinding the few stars that twinkled above, easily swallowing the crescent moon in the process. Catching onto everything, the sparks smoldered at his surroundings, yet didn't actually burn them.

The sound of pure agony ripped through the trees, splintering the air, piercing his ears with the ring of hopelessness. The stench of burning fur and flesh assaulted his nose, sharp and stinging, bringing fresh salty tears to his eyes. His stomach twisted in on itself as bile threatened to spill between his lips, bitter and hot. Unable to support himself anymore, the young boy collapsed onto the ground, curling up as tight as he could. Through his watery vision outlined by black lashes, the boy could see the mystical flames start to slowly fade as the animalistic screeches of agony died with it. Emotionally, physically, and mentally weakened, the boy was barely aware of a pair of arms wrapping around him and hugging him tight as his eyesight faded to black.

~~0~~0~~0~~

He was warm.

Very, very warm.

"Heya, Pine Tree. You should be waking up right now, right? Of course I'm right! I know everything!"

Dipper blearily opened his eyes, vision swimming slightly. His body was completely limp and he felt horribly fatigued. Mouth stretching open in a large yawn, his brain started to move once more, cloudiness slowly lifting.

The boy blinked fast as he realized that not only was he not on the ground, but he was also wrapped up in Bill's arms, balanced on the god's hip like a child, head resting on his shoulder.

Squeaking at the weird position, Dipper tried to struggle away, only for Bill to laugh and hold on tighter.

"Not so fast!" He chuckled, mirth clear in his voice. "You took quite a beating I must say, and this time you did it to yourself! Hilarious!"

Sending the god a half-scowl against his shoulder, Dipper opened his mouth to speak, only for his tongue to sit thick and useless, unable to move and form coherent noise. Because of this, he accidentally let out a small, odd moan from the back of his throat.

Dipper flushed at the sound, embarrassed to have made such a noise.

Bill didn't seem to mind, however. The god continued to carry him, chest shivering with the laughter that crept past his lips.

"Well, here ya go, Pine Tree," Bill finally announced after a few more minutes of walking.

Suddenly awake, Dipper twisted around to see the edge of the treeline ahead of him, faint lights from the town calling him back to civilization.

Back home.

Before Dipper could say anything, the god dropped the boy onto the ground unceremoniously. Surprised by the sudden gravity, the brunet struggled to keep his footing as his feet slammed into the ground, almost falling down in the process.

His struggling made the blond's laughter increase.

"Back to 'ole human civilization once again."

Dipper stared at his home between the trees, sleep settling in his bones and mind. "T-thank you," He murmured, swallowing his pride this time.

He could feel Bill's grin behind him. "Just part of the deal, kid. Just part of the deal."

Dipper nodded. "Yeah. Okay. Um, I'll come back soon, okay?"

"Two days."

"What?"

"You're to return here in two days. Got it?"

Sensing that an argument would be pointless, Dipper simply voiced his agreement to the arrangement, reaching inside his vest to make sure he had the journal.

The book was in there fine. Dipper let out a small sigh of relief. It was still there. He didn't know what he would have done if he had lost it.

Dipper started back home.

"Um, bye, Bill," He called back awkwardly. "See you...soon."

Even after Dipper left the woods, Bill Cipher's malicious laughter still rang in his ears.

"Bye, Pine Tree."

