Dipper wasn’t about to let needless worrying keep him from exploring. He knew that, his family knew that… well, not his parents, but at this point it was probably better that they didn’t know anything at all. But the Stans and Mabel and Soos and Wendy all knew, so that pretty much covered it.

Didn’t stop them from trying though.

“Dipper!” The cervitaur turned at his name. Mabel, in the rolling tank Pacifica had gifted her, caught him at the door, a soaked piece of paper in her hand. “Dipper, it’s hunting season! It started a few days ago!”

“Mabel, hunting isn’t allowed in the deep woods. No one’s even going to be there!”

“Dip-dop, you still need to be careful! What if someone misses the markers and goes hunting where you’re looking for stuff? What if someone shoots at you?”

“Then the gunshots will probably attract the Multibear or the Manotaurs or something, and the hunter will have other things to worry about.” He shrugged. “Besides, no one hunts in the Falls except for like, Bubs and Durland, and they’d never miss the markers. And, I’ll be taking the regular path into the woods, and no one’s allowed to hunt around there. It’s fine, Mabel.”

“Kid, listen to your sister,” Grunkle Stan interjected, walking into the store. “I don’t know what we’re talking about, but I’m betting she’s right.”

“Aw yeah, Grunkle Stan!”

“Aw no, Mabel. Grunkle Stan, she’s trying to tell me not to go out today because hunting season just started. No one’s even going to be where I’ll be!”

“…where will you be?”

“By the Multibear’s. There’s some sort of sprite infestation in the lower caves, and he asked me to go check it out for him.”

Grunkle Stan leveled one glowing orange eye at him. Dipper fidgeted and scowled. “What, do you really think I’m lying?”

His Grunkle responded with a slow blink, then a laugh as the light faded. “Nah, kid. Just getting a rise outta you.” His stony face went serious for a moment. “You know I wouldn’t actually do it unless I thought it was important.”

Dipper sighed. “I know…”

Stan nodded to him, then turned towards Mabel. “Sweetie, your brother is right. No one’s going to be out where he is today. All the natives know to stay away from that area, and all the forest-dwellers know to keep out of the hunting ranges for awhile. Heck, the worst he has to worry about today are those sprites.” He swung around and grabbed Dipper in an awkward headlock, doing his best to avoid the antlers, and pulled him into a noogie. “Try not to let them pull all yer hair out!”

Dipper, on the other hand, gave a very unmanly squawk as he tried to wriggle free of his Grunkle’s literally stone-strong grip. “Grunkle Stan, no!”

“Go Stan go!” Mabel cheered, her worry temporarily forgotten as her Grunkle and twin wrestled briefly. There was no contest tho – Stan’s gargoyle strength always won out, and today was no different. Dipper just considered himself lucky that Stan knew when to stop before he was actually crushed.

“Alright kiddo, go have some fun and stay safe!” Stan waved him off as he headed back into the house proper. Dipper rubbed his sore head irritably, then looked at Mabel.

“See? It’s fine.”

She pouted. “Alright, just… just be careful, okay?” Her fingers fidgeted, and her tail whipped, splashing a bit of water over the tank sides. “It only takes one accident, you know?”

He didn’t need her to specify. “Yeah… yeah, I know.”

 

And that had been hours ago. Hours in which he had trotted briskly over to the caves and dealt with the “infestation” (it hadn’t been sprites, just a group of migratory fairies. They had been quite pleased by what they called “the welcoming committee” here in Gravity Falls, and assured him that they’d certainly be stopping here again next migration, in a few decades). Hours in which he had allowed himself the spare time to meander through the deeper woods of Gravity Falls. It was so rare he actually got to explore these days – when his other Grunkle had come back through the portal, all those years ago, his knowledge of the supernatural had begun to grow exponentially. He and Stanford didn’t always see eye-to-eye on things, especially how to deal with the supernatural, but between the two of them, they’d started something of a business or agency protecting both the humans of Gravity Falls and the peaceful creatures living out in the woods.

The former, they had failed at several years back. When the incident had blown over, and everyone became as acclimated as they could get to the situation, no one brought it up to him. Dipper had been self-conscious about it for awhile, until his twin had pulled him aside after a particularly long bought of all research and no sleep.

“Dipper, you need to stop.”

He stared at her, uncomprehending with lack of sleep. “Huh?”

She stared back at him, her eyes reflecting the dim light in a reminder of how he had failed, what she was now, how was he ever going to fix this, he had messed up so badly…!

It had taken him a moment to realize she had slapped him. More awake, he gaped at her, one hand raising to his cheek. “Huh?”

“I said you’re thinking too much, and not listening,” she snapped, before her face softened. “Dipper, no one blames you for what happened! It was an accident, no one could have predicted it. Not even you.” She placed a gentle hand on his shoulder, and gave it a light, reassuring squeeze. “You need to let it go.”

“But…”

“No. No buts, bro-bro. I know it’s important to you to find a cure, or reversal, or something, but… people are getting used to it. You don’t need to kill yourself looking for it. Sleep! Eat something! I don’t know the last time I saw you without that crinkly frown that makes your eyes all scrunchy!”

Dipper frowned at that. “I don’t-”

“You’re doing it right now.” She sighed. “Look, you’re overthinking this. Even if you keep working on this, you need to do it acting less cray-cray. If you keep not sleeping, you’re gonna make more mistakes than not. When even was the last time you slept?”

Dipper thought for a moment, and then the minute stretched out for a few minutes, and Mabel frowned. “Wow, okay. New record for you. C'mon, Soos fixed you a bed that’ll work better for you in our room.” It took him a moment to remember that she meant Soos’s old break room, not the attic. Between his additional and her lack of legs, the stairs to their old room were basically impossible to navigate, so the handyman had set up his breakroom as a temporary bedroom for them until they could fix it, somehow. And Dipper had been working so hard on fixing it, but… But Mabel was right. She had a wonderful, and sometimes annoying, habit of being just that, especially whenever Dipper was too caught up in his own head. He smiled.

“Yeah. Yeah, that sounds… good.”

She smiled back. “Good. We’ll get a few full night’s rests into you, and you’ll be ready to tackle anything the Falls can throw at you!”

 

That had been years ago, and hours ago, Mabel had been right again. Because right now, Gravity Falls had decided that Dipper Pines was not allowed to be right, and had thrown a hunter at him.

It wasn’t someone from town, he knew that right away. Whoever it was had made the mistake of coming at him upwind, and while his nose wasn’t as good as Wendy’s, he could still distinguish scents fairly well. Whoever this person was, they were from out of town, and their aim wasn’t bad.

He had been walking along the path, back from his venture, when he first smelled the man. The deer part of him froze up, looking for a path, while the human part of him tried to calm down. “Just because there’s a person out here,” he mumbled to himself, “doesn’t mean it’s-”

The gunshot ended the dispute, and he bolted forward on instinct. A second shot stung across his flank as he retreated, and he winced, pained but grateful it hadn’t hit him dead on. There was a bout of cursing from behind him, and the sounds of running, and he took off, confident. That shot had sounded like a shotgun, something older and cumbersome. Not something you could fire off running, and certainly not with any accuracy. He could easily outrun this person, get far enough away and head back to the shack safely. He turned his head for just a second, to gauge just how far behind the guy was.

Which is when he ran straight into the bramble.

“Fffuck!” he shouted, the bramble tangling in his antlers and yanking his head back. He flared his ears, heard a pause in the hunter’s advance, and grabbed at the tangle of plant and bone on his head. “Fuck, fuck, c'mon, untangle!” he hissed, trying to free himself, heart pounding. It only got worse when he heard the hunter moving again, slower, steadily coming closer. “Come on, come on…!”

“Hey!”

He turned his head as far as he could, and his heart jumped into his throat. There, maybe twenty feet away, stood the hunter. His gun was shouldered, and his chest heaved with the exertion of the run. He had sandy blonde hair that nearly covered half his face, and an eyepatch, which Dipper might have found odd if he wasn’t so frantically trying to just untangle the mess his antlers were in.

A million thoughts were going through Dipper’s head – poacher, supernatural investigations, oh god what would happen to Gravity Falls if this guy got away with seeing him, it would be Karaoke night all over again, or when Stan opened the portal, dissections and quarantine and it would be all his fault and he NEEDED to get these damn brambles off!

“Shit, kid! I thought you were a deer!” Dipper froze at that, and looked back over at the guy. He was coming closer at a slow walk, looking worried and sliding his gun into some sort of carrier as he did so. That’s when Dipper saw the bush, and his heart soared.

The shrubbery in question stood between the two of them, and at this distance the hunter wasn’t able to see his lower half at all. He glanced up, and realized that his antlers probably looked just like brambles right now. If he could just get himself loose before the guy saw him… he looked back at the hunter, who was getting closer.

“St-stay back!” he ordered, less than convincingly. Surprisingly enough, though, the hunter listened, halting and raising his hands in a placating manner.

“Hey, kid, I ain’t going to hurt you,” he said. “Like I said, I thought you were a deer. I… uh…” The guy stumbled over his next sentence, looking more closely at Dipper. ‘Hurry, hurry…’ the cervitaur thought to himself, untangling the bramble more and hoping the hunter just ignored him messing with the plant. “Um… you’re very… Uh…” The hunter suddenly coughed, awkwardly, and changed whatever train of thought he had been on. “So, I didn’t hit you, did I?”

“Just grazed. I’m good.”

The guy winced. “Fuck, seriously?” He took another step closer, and Dipper felt one of his antlers come free. He was so close… “Look, I’ve got a first-aid kit… hey, are you from around here by any chance?” The last bramble was loosening… “Cuz I got… kinda lost, back awhile there…” Almost… “Why don’t I patch you up, and maybe you could give me some directions to – what the?!”

By Dipper’s count, three things happened at once. One, the hunter saw his antlers for what they really were, and gaped. Two, the last bramble finally released his antler, scraping some of the velvet off as it did. Three, Dipper bucked over the bush, no longer caring if this stranger saw his lower half. The game was up anyways. As he charged past, the startled hunter fell backwards onto his ass, and Dipper didn’t look back the rest of the way to the Shack.

 

By William’s count, four things happened at once…