Bitty practices not smiling in the bathroom mirror. In the time it takes him to brush his teeth, he thinks he’s got it.

Jack left for the dining hall ten minutes ago but he still texts him I’m on my way! when he leaves the Haus and gets a thumbs up emoji in return, which he finds appallingly charming. It’s freezing cold out and by the time he gets to the dining hall, his ears are numb. He’s mostly been able to stop smiling.

He pulls his toque off as he reaches their team table.

“Mornin’ y’all—”

He's greeted with thunderous applause and half a dozen wide grins. Ransom and Holster hoot and scramble out of their seats to clap him on the back.

“We are so proud of you, bro!”

He looks frantically to Jack, who’s seated at the far end of the table with his hat pulled down, pointedly not taking place in any celebrations.

“Proud?” They can’t know!

“You have finally rose to the rank of ‘bad roommate who brings people home and has loud sex,’ and we love it.”

“It’s lonely here at the top. And now, Bitty, you’ve joined us.”

“That is not something we need more of.”

“C’mon, Shits! This is a momentous occasion!”

You can pinpoint the exact second that Bitty realizes what they’re saying, and he goes so red he gets dizzy.

“I—what are y’all—I didn’t—I can’t believe—”

Mortified doesn't begin to cover it. Bitty isn't sure his heart has ever beat so quickly and so hard and he thinks he might pass out—he thinks of everything that happened last night and God, what did they hear? He's dead. All their talks about not coming out yet and they thought they were so smart and it's not like he cares about himself, everyone knows, but—

"So, who was it?" Ransom asks. "Was it British Boy? Do you owe us big time for our flawless matchmaking?"

Bitty's heart stops.

They don't know who he was with.

That's why they aren't bugging Jack.

"Yeah, we didn't see any shoes by the door, but we figured you were too smart for that." Holster waggles his eyebrows.

"Oh, sorry," Ransom says to Bitty. "Sit. Eat. Breakfast first, sexcapades later."

"Oh my God," Bitty groans, and slides into a seat next to Shitty, who is strangely quiet. "I’m not hungry. We are not talking about this."

"Aw, bro! Don't be embarrassed!" 

Chowder, on Ransom's other side, looks incredibly interested in the exchange, and at the same time, guilty for seeming interested. "Yeah! Don't let it bug you, Bitty, I think it's—oh! Sorry, was I not supposed to know? They already told me!"

Ransom and Holster get back into their seats. "We're not like, making fun of you. Sharing deets is a Haus tradition! A bro tradition."

"I don't think I could be called a bro by any stretch of the imagination."

"Dude, you're our bro," Holster says seriously. "You're on the team. Baking and being adorable doesn't give you a get out of bro free card."

"Yeah, don't be embarrassed. I mean. The number of times you've heard us bringing people home, this was overdue. We deserved it."

"Ugh." Bitty buries his face in his hands. "I don't—how bad was it? Did you hear—"

"Not like, everything. You've got the squeakiest bed springs, dude."

"Oh my God," Bitty says again, through a chorus of laughter. "Y'all are ruthless, I'm never doing this again."

Shitty bumps his shoulder into his. "Getting chirped for having loud sex is—"

"We weren't loud!"

"—part of the quintessential college experience. Don't let these prying assholes," Shitty says, tipping his coffee cup at a sniggering Ransom and Holster, "discourage your, you know. Sexual expression."

Everyone is quiet for a moment. You could fry an egg on Bitty's face. At the far end of the table, Jack stares at his bacon.

"So," Ransom says slowly, "it was the rugby guy, right? And we're the best matchmakers ever?"

"Bro, we should congratulate him when we see him in lecture today," Holster interrupts, "let him know that we're down. Bitty, did you tell him that dating you means dating the whole team? He'd better be cool."

"Don't you dare!" Bitty yelps.

"Bro, we won't embarrass you, we just—"

"It wasn't him! And I'm not dating anyone!"

Everyone's eyebrows raise as synchronized as if they'd coordinated it.

"I—didn't know you knew guys outside of the team. Oh my God, was it a Tinder thing? A Grindr thing?"

Bitty covers his face again. "No! H-he's in one of my classes, you wouldn't know him."

"Bro, we know everybody. I'm probably Facebook friends with him. What's his name? Another sports dude? Tell me it's not some lacrosse bro."

"I'm not telling you! You'd post on his wall, or make him a 'congrats on the sex' card," Bitty says into his hands. "It's no one. I'm sorry you heard and I hope I didn't wake y'all up and conversation over."

"It must have been bad," Holster pretends to whisper. Ransom leans in.

"It didn't sound like it was bad."

"Jesus Christ, you two!" Lardo yells from Shitty's other side. "Cut the poor kid some slack, what the fuck." Bitty risks a thankful glance at her and she jabs her knife at Ransom and Holster. "They must be jealous, 'cause I haven't heard them bragging about any conquests lately."

The two stutter an excuse; 'bro' count: 5, 'finals' count: 7.

"C'mon, we're sorry," Ransom apologizes, and it sounds genuine. "We were just bugging you, we'll stop. It's not a big deal."

"And it's cool! Our little baker out there breaking hearts. We're proud of you, dude."

Bitty groans and drops his head on the table. "Please don't be."

Later, no one can remember exactly when Jack left the table.

 

Shitty finds Jack in his room late that night after a day's worth of unanswered or tersely answered texts. Shitty was stoned a couple hours ago but he's coming down now and everything is easy and fuzzy and nice, which is the exact opposite of how Jack looks when Shitty sticks his head into his room from the bathroom. He's sitting in front of his laptop like someone who had only read about one in books: unnatural, uncomfortable, and not actually using it at all.

Shitty opens with, "You look troubled, my friend," and leans on the door frame.

Jack jumps at the sound of his voice, rare after so many years of his barging in. He glares, but out of Jack's vast arsenal of glares, this is the one that shows the most uncertainty; it reaches his eyes and makes his gaze unsteady, even after all his media training.

"I'm fine," he says, looking back at his screen. "Just busy."

"And that's why I haven't seen you around all day?"

"Yeah. You've got a thesis project too, in case you forgot."

"Sure." He comes carefully into the room, wants to say don't make this about me, but if he knows Jack, and he does, this isn't like any conversation they've had before. Not sober, anyways. "You were too busy to finish your breakfast, then?"

Jack sighs angrily out his nose. On his lap, his hands tense and, voice low, he warns, "Shitty ..."

"Listen." Shitty sits on Jack's bed and looks at him, the wide slope of his shoulders and his sharp profile. "You know me, man. And I know you. And if this is honest to God a conversation you don't want to have, this isn't like, a deets situation. Tell me to go, and I’m gone."

He waits. Jack doesn't turn to face him or speak. Shitty goes to their bathroom and gets a glass of water for his cottonmouth and comes back, sits on the bed again. Jack's laptop screen shows the abstract for an article on the politics of Maurice Duplessis, and he hasn't scrolled since Shitty walked in. He's learned to check.

Shitty waits another few moments, then goes for it.

"Where were you last night?"

To Jack's credit, he doesn't flinch, but he doesn't say anything, either. He must know where this is going, with Shitty's mention of deets and opting out.

But he still says, "Sleeping."

"Here?"

Jack slowly spins around in his desk chair, and looks almost scary when lit from behind. He has none of Bad Bob's charming Québécois dopiness and all of his mom's angles and fire.

"Yes," Jack tries, and Shitty gives up. He sighs, takes a drink of water, and offers the wet glass to Jack, who shakes his head. He stretches to put it on the edge of his desk, then clasps his hands between his knees.

"Okay," he starts, "this is what I know: it was midnight. My show ended downstairs. Rans and Holster had gone to bed. I come upstairs. I can hear Bitty. I go into the bathroom, whatever, knock on your door."

He searches Jack's face, staring at the ground. He doesn't look angry and that is, honestly, a surprise. He doesn't look like he feels like the world is ending. He looks horrified, but in a ‘mom and dad are telling me about the birds and the bees’ kind of way.

"No answer," Shitty goes on. "Light's on. I go inside and your door to the hall's shut, but your window's open, so. I stick my head out. And Bitty's window's open too."

Shitty can count on one hand the things he loves more than making Jack Zimmermann blush. It was easy when they were frogs, but now he has to work for it. If Jack really hadn't wanted to talk about it, they wouldn't be taking about it, so Shitty's conscious is clear. He leans back on his hands.

"You're lucky. Rans and Holster's room's farther away. They heard bed stuff and sex stuff." He grins; Jack looks up at him. "Only I heard the whispering of some sweet, sweet French-Canadian nothings."

He thinks it's sort of nice that Jack looks a lot like Bitty did that morning, one step away from internal combustion. He rubs his hand over his knee, rhythmically, nervous, and his eyes do that thing they do when he's searching for words. He clears his throat.

"I'm, um. Not the only Francophone on campus?"

"Jack Laurent fucking Zimmermann," Shitty says through his teeth. Jack looks up, manages to meet his eyes. "Say that again to my goddamn face."

Jack doesn't even try. Shitty scoots forward on the bed.

"You show up late to breakfast so jittery and stupid you almost drop your plate, the boys talk about him and you pull that stupid hat so low down over your eyes you couldn't see, and don't you dare try to tell me I can't recognize your fucking voice."

The look on Jack's face changes; if there's anything he knows, it's when he's beat. He rubs his eyes and leans back in his chair, which creaks under his weight.

Shitty draws his legs up onto the bed and sits cross legged, sleepover style.

"How long's it been?" he asks, quietly, in case anyone's listening. It takes Jack a moment or two and his voice is the smallest thing in the world.

"Eight days."

"Jesus fuck. That's a fresh wound."

"Yeah."

"You doing okay?"

"Yeah."

"Is he doing okay?"

"I hope so."

Part of Shitty can't believe Jack's actually talking about it. He has time to be overwhelmed by what a staggering show of trust this is later.

"How'd it happen?"

Jack takes his hands off his eyes and sits up, jaw set. Shitty adds, "Abridged version," and Jack sighs again, like he'll never stop.

"I ... couldn't sleep, last week. I went out onto the roof and he saw and came out too, and—I don't know. We didn't talk about hockey. Or family. Or me. And, I don't know, I just sort of—kissed him." He looks almost comically embarrassed and keeps cracking his knuckles. "Then it just ... went from there." He looks back at his hands. "Are you surprised?"

Shitty snorts back a laugh.

"Honestly? Not one fucking bit, dude. I am no stranger to the Jack Zimmermann school of 'chirping as flirting only if they notice and reciprocate.' You're pretty transparent."

Jack laughs thinly. "He didn't think so."

"Well, the kid was terrified of you for the first year you knew each other. What was he supposed to think? To the untrained eye, you exude heterosexuality."

"I guess. I ... don't know. You get it. I was mad. I've spent so much time hiding just so I can play hockey in peace, and this guy comes along and he's—he's Bitty, and he's not afraid, and he can still play, and I know it’s not—well. You were there." He rubs the back of his neck. "I'm an asshole. We've talked about it."

"I bet." Shitty tips his head. "Have you talked to him about this morning?"

"Not ... yet."

"Brah."

"I know. I was going to. And then," he sweeps his hand out, "this."

"Yeah, and it's been what, twelve whole hours since breakfast? My bad." Shitty rolls his eyes.

"I know, I know." Jack shifts in his chair. "So, uh. The guys don't know it was me?"

"I think you could fuck Bitty in front of them and they'd ask him who he was taking to Winter Screw."

"Hey."

"I'm not saying they're dumb! They're some of the smartest bros I know, just maybe—not the most receptive when it comes to interpersonal relationships. Other people's, anyways." Shitty unfolds his legs and stands. "I'll get out of your hair. Bitty got home an hour ago."

"I know."

“Right. Uh, you ... you do like Bits, right? ‘Cause if you’re just lookin’ to get your dick wet I can suggest thousands of people whose hearts I wouldn’t care if you broke.”

“I’m not a monster,” Jack says to his hands, although it’s a conversation he’s had with himself hundreds of times, and the not camp isn’t always the one that wins. But it’s never about Bitty. “I mean, you’ve met him.”

“That I have.” Shitty smirks. “You’re so fucked.”

“I know.”

“The great Canadian hockey robot, demolished by a tiny southern baker.”

“He’s not tiny.”

“Comparatively.”

Shitty goes to leave, but Jack moves like he wants to say something, so he waits, because he knows it isn’t always easy for him. He helps.

“You’re sure, bro?”

Jack sighs and it sounds like the quiet, sweet way that dogs sound when they sigh, a little defeated; the comparison reminds Shitty that he’s still stoned.

“When I’m around him,” Jack says quietly, “I don’t think about anything else.”

This wouldn’t have been an important statement coming from everyone, but Shitty knows what Jack must displace in his mind to keep Bitty there, the things he worries about every day, the little things and big things that press anxiety down on him. That anyone can let him forget that is huge. Shitty tries not to get emotional.

"You know what—thanks for talking about this, man."

"Yeah, yeah," Jack says, waving his hand as he stands. 

"No, I'm fuckin' serious, dude, thank you. Bring it the fuck in."

He spreads his arms out and despite Jack's halfhearted no no no he gives him a bear hug and buries his face in his shoulder. After a moment, Jack hugs him back, sagging into him and it's like Shitty can feel relief oozing out his pores.

"Thanks, Shits," he says by his ear, unabashedly honest. Shitty grins.

"Yeah, you big fucking softie." He lets him go and yanks on his sleeve to get him to move towards the hallway door. "Go see Bitty."

"Yeah." Jack heads for the door, then stops. "Uh, you don't—when you heard me, you didn't—"

"Bud, you know I don't speak French."

"I thought maybe you ... uh, Google Translate, or ..."

"Christ! Who do you think I am?" Shitty laughs. "Get the fuck out of here."

"Okay, okay. I'm going."

 

He raps softly on Bitty’s door and it takes Bitty a second to answer.

“Come in.” He sounds far away.

Jack steps halfway into the room, letting Bitty see him before he barges in. He’s lying on his bed in his Samwell hoodie and boxer briefs with his earphones in. Jack isn’t used to the way that being in Bitty’s bedroom makes him feel now, all tight-chested and funny, because he recognizes the way it smells as the way Bitty smells, and he’s got those lights up on the wall that make everything soft and relaxing, and he’s still not used to a space being infused with so much of one person.

“Hey.”

“Hi.” Bitty pulls one of his earphones out and sits up on his elbows, but doesn’t get out of bed. Jack doesn’t think he looks mad—which is good, because Jack isn’t sure exactly what he did wrong, if anything, and he doesn’t think he did anything wrong, and what happened this morning is just something they have to ... de-brief on.

“How’s it going?” Jack tries, and Bitty chuckles.

“Good. Come in. Sit.”

Bitty shuffles up and fluffs his pillows behind his back, and Jack comes towards him, bends down and kisses him. Bitty makes a quiet, happy noise in the back of his throat and kisses him back, ghosting hands over his arms.

“Hi,” he says again, dazed, and Jack says, “Hi.”

Jack sits next to him, his legs over the side of the bed, bare feet on the floor. Bitty touches his back lightly and he sighs.

“Uh, about this morning.”

“Right. Ugh. What a—for lack of a more delicate phrase, shit show.”

Jack laughs and Bitty looks proud of himself.

“Definitely a shit show.” Jack touches the back of his hand to Bitty’s leg. “Have the chirps died down, or ...”

“Somewhat.” Bitty shrugs. “Ransom and Holster are convinced that it was that guy they set me up with, so most of it is trying to get me to admit how great they are.”

“Hm. Sounds about right, eh?”

“Yeah.”

They fall silent. Bitty runs his hand down Jack’s arm and laces their fingers, and Jack stares at their joined hands and tries to remember if they’ve held hands before. It seems absurd, what with the night before, but holding hands is a strange and different kind of intimacy than sex. He thinks maybe they’ve held hands once, the day after they kissed, in the kitchen when no one was around.

“Shitty knows it was me,” he says suddenly. Bitty raises his eyebrows.

“Did you tell him?”

“He, uh, heard me saying something in French. While ...” He trails off.

"Oh. That." Bitty’s ears go red. “That must have been lucky timing. Or, unlucky, I guess.”

“He went looking for me in my room and stuck his head out the window. Your window was open.”

“Oh, God, it was, wasn’t it?” Bitty rubs his face. “We’re lucky they didn’t hear us in the street. Oh lord, what if they did?”

“I think we’re okay. I mean, I didn’t think you were—it didn’t seem as loud as they said, I mean you weren’t—” He shakes his head. “Never mind. Just thin walls, I think. This place is falling down.”

“Hm.” Bitty looks at their hands, Jack’s thick, pale palm again his own, small and tan and faintly freckled. It’s hardly been a week and he’s still wrapping his head around the idea of Jack and him, like this. It seems like someone else’s life, someone else who’s secretly dating 'Canada's prodigal son,' like he’s floating above them and watching the way Jack’s angled towards him, the way he rubs his thumb over the back of his hand. “What did Shitty say?”

“That he already knew. Apparently I’m pretty obvious.”

“As if.”

“That’s what I said.” Jack scoots closer until his back is against Bitty’s legs, his head turned to look at him. “Anyways, he hugged me, so. I guess we’re good.”

“Of course you’re good,” Bitty scoffs, “as if Shitty would ever give you a hard time. That man is a living saint.”

Jack nods. “He is.” He looks at Bitty, all swaddled up in his hoodie, comfortable and warm and scrubbed-clean for bed, and he leans in and kisses him. Bitty kisses him back and tugs on the front of his thin, old shirt until he moves closer and presses him up against the wall behind his bed. Jack thinks about the other night, all sweat and Bitty’s heels beating faintly against the small of his back and hands digging into his trapezius, and he feels lightheaded.

“I’m sorry I didn’t say anything this morning,” he apologizes against his cheek. “I shouldn’t have let you deal with it, but I didn’t—”

“No, shh, shut up.” Bitty kisses him once, twice, hands brushing his throat. “What were you supposed to do, come out in front of everyone? Like that would’ve helped. They would’ve dog-piled me. And then I’d be dead.”

“I know. It just felt ... weird, sitting there, having them talk about some guy, when I’m ...”

“Are you jealous?” Bitty smirks.

“No.” Jack says sternly. “That’s stupid, you don’t even like him.”

“No, but they all think I do,” Bitty teases, flicking Jack’s hair out of his eyes. “Are you jealous of his imaginary limelight? You want people to chirp you about being Bitty’s boyfriend?”

Jack’s gaze drops to his shoulder. “No. Yes.”

“Hmm.” Bitty laughs. “Well, every single time someone doubts me, or acts surprised that I’m on the hockey team, I want to scream I’m dating Jack Zimmermann in their stupid face. But I don’t.” He kisses him again. “And that’s okay.”

“That would be really funny. Maybe you should start doing that.”

“Dummy. C’mere.” Bitty scoots over and Jack sits next to him, stretching his legs out. Bitty pushes his cheek into his shoulder and Jack puts his hand on his thigh.

“Someday you can scream that in whoever’s face you want,” Jack says. “It might be sort of rude, but that’s up to you.”

Bitty leans back and squints at him, grinning. “Someday?”

“Uh—”

“One week in and the illustrious Jack Zimmermann is already making plans. Think you’re coming on a little strong?”

Jack tries to hide his embarrassment, but he can’t stop smiling. “Says the guy who asked me about ‘our song’ yesterday?”

“Oh, you shush!”

“Quality chirps from Bittle.”

“Shh. Be nice.” Bitty buries his face in Jack’s arm and Jack squeezes his leg. “What am I supposed to do with you.”

“Do you want me to answer that?”

“Shhh!”