You wake up to the warmth of your own room, blinds open letting more heat from the sun in. It’s slightly to warm but not enough to make you break into an uncomfortable sweat. Shuffling on your bed, stretching and hearing some of your joints popping from the sudden movement.That didn't sound too good. Grunting a little as you snuggle up in your blanket, just staring blankly at the wall with sleepy eyes. Not even thinking until your stomach demands food.

Getting up from your cozy little den you made out of your blanket you grungly get up and steadily make your way downstairs to get a bowl of some kind of cereal because we all know mom stopped cooking after Summer moved out and dad and her got a divorce.

The house is quiet, Rick probably doing something somewhere. And mom probably at work, practically skipping down the stairs you see mom at the table drinking some kind of steaming liquid.

“Morning honey” she greets you with a lazy smile and dead eyes.
She’s been working nonstop ever since dad left. She got a job being a full time big animal surgeon. You’re proud of her but you miss the long hours when she’s gone at work, sometimes not even returning home until later the next night.

“M-morning mom.”

Reaching for a bowl mom stops you, “Thought Rick was gonna make those uh” She stops for a moment. “Klopes cake? I don't know some kind of alien food for your birthday.”

Rick. Your heart beats a little faster at the mention of his name, made your stomach flutter slightly. You’ve always had a slight crush on the old scientist, making it hard to focus some nights when you two are close in the ship. When he pulls you to safety because you were to distracted looking at him to notice the life or death monster coming towards you.

“O-o-oh really? Th-a-a-ts nice of Rick!” Your stutter comes out more when you talk about him. “I’ll go see if he’s upstairs.” you run up the stairs, you have to see if you got your marks yet. You did turn 16 so it should be on your body somewhere, you didn't notice anything on your arms this morning but might as well check the rest of your body.

When you turn 16, the first sentence your soul mate says to you that day will be on your body. It slowly fades after a few years or so after finding your soulmate. Instead of the sentence it leaves a little symbol where it once was. Mom still has hers, Rick never got one. (So he says) And summer actually found hers. A little circle with a bow stabbing through it making it look like its kind of melting away.

Upstairs in the bathroom you wonder what your mark will be. You blush at the thought of being with someone for the rest of your life. You hope their nice, maybe it's Jessica! ..no it cant be she already has a tattoo on her hand that say FUCK OFF in all caps. Jeez, she really knows how to pick em. Even if it's her soul picking and not really her? You don't know, its confusing and you just want to find your tattoo.

Looking in the mirror you check your arms one more time, turning them over. But there isn’t anything yet, the thought that you might not have a soul mate flashed through your mind before you shake the thought away. Lifting up your plaid pj pants, checking your legs but still nothing. So finally, taking a deep breath you raise your blue t-shirt up slowly, pulling it off in one swift motion.

There. Right on your chest where your heart is is a sentence. You trace the skin where it's at, smiling like a huge dork as you practically jump up and down. Until that is the actual words sink in, leaving your mouth agape. No, that's a terrible thing to have on his chest! That's a terrible person to have as his soul mate even if he is attracted to them! It’s wrong, you know that. But you can’t help but smile about who it is. Or might be.

Before you can put your shirt back on you hear a knock at the door. You jump a little in place.

“M-morty, hurry the fUUGH-ck up, stop jerking it.” Rick grunts from the door.

Not even giving you a moment to respond the door opens, standing there is Rick. His eyes scanning your short stature, lingering on your chest. On the tattoo. His face is blank and you worry for a moment and cover yourself with your hand. Grabbing your shirt and bolting out of the small room into your own.

Rick looked confused, slightly hurt that you left without saying anything.

Of course your soul mate had to be Rick Sanchez.