So, in the fic-world of the Ice Crew AU, a few things are different: Namely, Jack did not overdose on anti-anxiety medication. Which means he did go first in the draft and is playing hockey professionally at 18 - except it’s not for the Aces; the Falconers had the first pick that year and so that’s where Jack is. It’s been a couple years so you have: Jack Zimmermann, age 21ish, professional Hockey Player in Providence.

And Jack Zimmermann is good at hockey. Very good. His team won the Cup his second year and now, in his third year, they are looking good. Jack should be on top of the world. And some days, he manages to convince himself he is.

He’s not, of course.

Enter the Ice Crew.

In case you don’t know (as I didn’t until last night), the Ice Crew is in charge of coming onto the ice during the game (like when there is a time-out or stop in play?) and skating around and attempting to get as much loose ice off the rink with shovel-looking things and a trashcan. Then there are also zambonis that come out between the periods. Further research tells me that the Ice Crew is usually a very lucky local hockey team who is totally jazzed to be able to skate on the same ice as the NHL team and gets paid in t-shirts.

Because this is fic, we’re going to do this a little differently. In this alternate universe, the Ice Crew is a collection of young adults who get paid barely over minimum wage to not only work the NHL games but also keep the ice in good condition for most of the day - for practice, other events, for when the college team comes and plays on it, etc. They are also in charge of cleaning the locker rooms and the penalty boxes and making sure all the equipment is put away.

Now, I think we can all guess who is in our Ice Crew, but let’s go over them anyway:

Shitty Knight, a bright young man who would be at college in Harvard (instead of the local community college, Samwell) except there was a fateful dinner in which his father informed him “you wouldn’t be anywhere without me or my money” and followed it up with a condescending chuckle and so Shitty cut himself off and decided to prove him wrong. Shitty is taking classes when he can afford it and wears pants when he is forced to.

Larissa “Lardo” Duan, a struggling artist who was doing the stereotypical “struggle whilst working in a coffee shop” until she met Shitty Knight, who told her he at least earned a dollar over minimum wage working at Faber. She can’t skate but is straight up wicked with the Zamboni. She seems to be the only one on the ice crew with any sort of organizational abilities so she runs the equipment room when not doodling over... everything.

Ransom and Holster, a pair of bros also attending Samwell Community College because Ransom had a nervous breakdown during his SATs so he is staying there until he can work through his test anxiety and because Holster used to play hockey in the Q before he got injured (knee) and figured he should ease himself back into academia. (The two met their first day of orientation and have been inseparable ever since.)

Dex, whose family lives nearby and who started working at the rink purely because he needs to help his family with money. Didn’t know how to skate at first but learned and now is actually pretty good. His passion makes up for any technical deficiencies. He hasn’t signed up for classes at Samwell yet, fairly convinced that college is useless and not for him, but the others are making it seem like it might be a good thing, especially if he doesn’t actually plan on taking over his family’s hardware store...

Nursey, a freshman at the local private college and who is the only one of the bunch who technically does not need this job at all but who prefers hanging out with the ice crew to the people in his classes. He and Dex clashed a lot at the beginning, but now the others on the ice crew think that they might be friends? maybe? Dex has actually been to Nursey’s house so there’s that.

Chowder, came out east for the same college at Nursey and stopped by at the rink because he loves skating and never really left. Shitty eventually convinced him that he should at least get paid for helping.

And (don’t worry, I didn’t forget) Eric R. Bittle, who turned up at the rink about a year ago with nothing but a hockey bag stuffed with clothes (and a rolling pin), $50 bucks, and a southern accent so strong and dripping with exhaustion that Shitty had immediately asked where Bitty was staying, seen through his halting lie of finding a motel, and brought him to the Haus where he, Lardo, Ransom, and Holster stay. Bitty’s story - being kicked out of his parent’s home for being gay and cut off before he left for college - came out in little hints and clues even though he has never told any of the boys directly. They also have the decency not to ask.

(Oh, also there’s Johnson. He also lives in the house and works on the Ice Crew part-time but when asked what led him to this career, shrugs and says he’s “gotta follow the medium, man. It’s going to make sense in a few k. Promise.”)

 

 

The Ice Crew should technically have very, very little interaction with the NHL superstars. They watch the game from a backroom, they skate out and clean the ice when given the signal and then Lardo and Shitty man one Zamboni while Ransom and Holster get the second one during the breaks between the periods. Bitty and Chowder clean the area of one goal while Nursey and Dex do the other. Every once and awhile, a few of the players skate onto the ice before they are quite done and some grunt out a “thanks, man” (the Canadians, tbh) but that’s the extent of it.

Jack Zimmermann is often one of those who is sliding back onto the ice before they are finished and he is Canadian so a grunt that could be a “thanks” is there (unless the Falconers are losing) but the hero-worship has long worn off. Because Jack Zimmermann sometimes calls them back to scrape away more ice (and look, they do as much as they can in freakin’ 3 minutes!) and he never really looks at any of them and, really the ice crew sorta hates Jack Zimmermann.

Not for those reasons though. (Well, a little bit those reasons but almost all of the NHL Superstars do those things so being ignored unless you are being told to do your job better? Par for the course). The main reason that the Ice Crew sorta hates Jack Zimmermann is that he never freaking leaves.

He doesn’t leave after practices. He talks to the coaches and all the other Falconers leave to go get lunch and live lives like regular people but no, not Jack Zimmermann. Jack Zimmermann eats a sandwich that he packed from home in the box and then skates back out onto the ice and sometimes practices shots, usually just glides around and the whole ice crew is forced to just sit and watch from the tunnels. Even though one of the terms of their agreement is that the Ice Crew can mess around on the ice whenever it’s not being used and practice for the little community hockey team that they are all technically on (even though they get no funding and so very rarely get to go play actual games). But they can’t exactly go throw Jack Zimmermann off the ice (that would get them so fired so fast it is honestly alarming) so they are all just stuck, waiting around for him to finish so that they can skate around themselves with enough time to make sure the rink is pristine for the game that night. Sometimes they barely get 45 minutes in. Because Jack Zimmermann is there. Just skating around as if he owns the place. So then they have to push their practice to after their night shift.

Of course, that’s not even be the worst of it. Because sometimes after games, Zimmermann goes into the locker room, into the press room, and then sometimes comes back onto the ice to just skate around and think and the ice Crew had discovered this because they all got reamed out for leaving the ice a mess for the Falconers early practice the next day. Because it is their job to leave the ice in perfect condition. So, again, when a 7pm game ends at almost 10 and then Jack Zimmermann gets out of press at 10:30 (or 11 if it’s a big game) and then comes back onto the ice that means that the ice crew has to stay up and wait for him.

It is, of course, one of these nights that the ice crew finally interacts with Falconers captain, Jack Laurent Zimmermann. It’s nearing on 11:45 and they’ve already sent Dex, Nursey, and Chowder home because Nursey and Chowder have class in the morning and Dex is opening his uncle’s shop. Lardo is curled up in a seat asleep, Bitty blinking drowsily like he wants to be, his accent coming out with a force that he usually never allows it; even Holster’s recap of the latest Brooklyn 99 has started slurring together; Ransom is staring down at his bio textbook but hasn’t turned a page in twenty minutes; and Shitty is exhausted and actually a little bit sick (though he won’t admit it) and--

“Hey!” He says, standing and striding forward. “Bro, seriously, you fucking won the game!”

In a moment, the Ice Crew is awake. Bitty is sitting next to him and tries to grab him but Shitty is moving now and Jack Zimmermann has frozen near where Shitty is coming towards him.

“He’s gonna get killed ,” Ransom says, apparently too stunned to do anything. “Holster-”

“Holy shit! Shitty!”

Shitty isn’t stopping though.

“Like, c’mon, we already cleaned it once and I understand you need to like commune with the ice, but you have people who are stuck waiting for you! I feel like we have a check your privilege situation here, honestly, and--”

“What?” Zimmermann asks and he’s taller than Shitty is, especially on skates and Holster maybe could stand up to him but he is having difficulty getting off and around the seats (which are way too small for him and then Ransom is clinging to him) and so it’s Bitty that gets himself in front of Shitty first.

“He didn’t meant it!” He squeaks. God Shitty is going to get fired. “He didn’t, just--”

“I did!” Shitty says. “Dude, you have five people waiting to clean up after you and you’re not even sticking to one section of ice!”

“Which is fine!” Bitty says, pushing Shitty back with one hand and holding the other out as if exactly afraid Jack is going to swing at him. “We all like waiting. Hand to god, love it, Mr. Zimmermann so you can just carry right on there. C’mon, Shitty, let’s just let the nice man continue his job which he is paid millions of dollars to do.”

“How much a man is paid should not make his time more valuable than ours!” Shitty protests. Luckily at this point, Ransom and Holster have made it over and are much more adept at dragging him away. “We are human beings! We don’t even get overtime for this! We deserve--”

“So sorry,” Bitty says again. Jack Zimmermann is still staring at them. His face does not appear to have changed from its default setting of ‘confused and judgmental.’ “If you could not mention this funny little outburst to the ice manager, we would all be extremely grateful and-- pie! I could bake you a pie!”

“His pies are really good, bro,” Holster says, clapping one hand over Shitty’s mouth when he tries to say something. “Real good.”

“Won the county fair no less than five years running down in Georgia, sir,” Bitty says, backing away slowly. “What’s your favorite? Apple? Pumpkin? I’m not a fan of cherry but I’ll make it- you know what, I’ll bring you one of all of them. Boy like you probably skates up quite an appetite. Not that we mind! The skating! Real good skating, great game, okay, now we’re just gonna-”

“Wait.”

Oh Lord. This is it. They are all going to be fired by Jack Zimmermann a few days before rent on their shit house is due. Bitty once spent 4 nights sleeping on benches and it’s not something he is keen to do again and, heavens, they are going to have to find a place for all Lardo’s art!

“You really… do you really have to stay and clean the ice when I leave?”

Bitty cannot follow what Jack Zimmermann is doing. He sounds… concerned?

“Well… yes,” he says. “Or come early before y’all practice but that’s…”

“It’s usually fine, dude,” Holster says. “But… it is almost midnight. And my boy Ransom here has a test tomorrow.”

“And even I can’t study anymore!” Ransom says. Shitty makes a muffled sound of protest.

“But still fine,” Bitty says. “We’re happy to--”

“No,” Jack Zimmermann says. “No, I- I’m sorry. I didn’t realize. Um… I can… stay? And help?”

“See!” Shitty has broken free of Holster’s grasp. “Bro, I knew this was just a simple case of ignorance, not deep-seated prejudice or unconcern for your fellow man. Knowing is half the battle.” Jack now looks like he doesn’t quite know what language Shitty is speaking but that’s okay. Almost no one know exactly what Shitty is saying in situations like these.

“That’s very kind but we do not need your help, sir,” Bitty says. “If you are really sure about leaving and that’s okay, then you just head out. We have a system. It only takes us about thirty minutes these days.”

“LARDO, GO GET THE ZAMBONI STARTED,” Holster hollers. “ZIMMS IS LEAVING.”

“I’ll go grab the other,” Ransom says. “If you’ll do the boxes, Bits?”

“Of course,” Bitty replies.

“Are you sure-” Jack Zimmermann tries.

“Absolutely,” Bitty says, gliding towards where the others are heading. “If you just make sure you have all your things, it’s just a quick wipe down and we’ll be out of here in no time. You go. Enjoy the rest of your night!”

And so the ice crew jumps into action and Jack Zimmermann grabs the rest of his stuff, for the first time noticing that the locker room has been wiped down and it’s not that he didn’t realize that happened sometime between the games and practice he just never thought of who did it. Or when.

And so he gets into his car and drives to his house feeling like shit and forty minutes later, the ice crew piles into their car, feeling like shit only because they are exhausted and, really, that should be the end of it.

*^*^*^

Except it’s not. Because Jack Zimmermann is many things - a famous NHL player, the son of Bad Bob, winner of the Calder Trophy, and often accused of being a hockey robot - but rude is not one of them. His mother did not raise him like that. And it rubs at him. The idea that this pack of guys who operate as the Ice Crew think he is.

He starts in the locker room: “Hey, does anyone know how to get in touch with the ice crew?” And he gets a lot of blank stares from his teammates and one of them asks if he’s missing something but he shrugs off their questions, practices with his team, and the asks the coaches if they know the ice crew at all.

“Um, no, why?” Coach Hall says, frowning at him. “Is there a problem?”

“No,” Jack says. “No, I just wanted to--” He fumbles. Thank them seems too gimmicky and he doesn’t want to cause any alarm. “Talk to them.” He finishes lamely. He prays they don’t ask what about.

Luckily, his reputation of being awkward and silent saves him because the coaches shrug and seem to accept it as one of those things.

“Well, we don’t know how to get in touch with them,” Murray says. “But if you hang around, they should be here to clean the ice after practice in a moment.”

Oh.

And now Jack feels even more stupid. Of course, they have to clean the ice after practice too.

“And I think they have a break room?” Hall says. “Right? Somewhere around here. Pretty near the tunnel, I’d guess.”

And so Jack is off and he would have previously said that he knows ice rinks better than anyone in the world but it takes him 10 minutes to find a little room close to the tunnels marked “SWASOME ROOM” and he raises his hand to knock on the door before just pushing it open.

Inside is the two large men from last night. Both are sprawled in plastic chairs, ESPN playing in the background, another TV that is piping the rink through to them (almost empty now) and the room is equipped with old-style metal lockers and a fridge that looks to be on its last legs.

Also, both of them look exhausted. So exhausted that they don’t immediately look up.

God, this is his fault.

“Bitty made pie,” the taller blond one says, head still resting in one hand, eyes closed. “It’s basically gone but there might still be a slice.”

“Uh,” Jack starts. Luckily that noise is enough. Both jerk awake and stare at him and--

“Holster,” one says, leaning back. “And I dreaming that Jack Zimmermann is standing here or--?”

“Not a dream,” Holster replies. “Unless we are sharing. Again.”

“No, it’s-” Jack clears his throat. He feels like he did when he first got drafted to the Falconers. Odd, unsure, and like newbie. “I just came to apologize.”

“For what?” Holster says.

“For keeping you up last night,” Jack replies. “I mean, for…” he goes to jerk his head in their direction and then stops. He doesn’t want to tell them they look terrible.

“Oh, bro, don’t worry about that. This--” Holsters waves a hand around his face. “Isn’t you.”

“Mhhmm,” Ransom agrees. Or at least Jack thinks he’s agreeing, halfway through it sort of just turns into a hum. His eyes have slid shut again.

“Someone - someone being Ransom here - decided that in fact he could study more and stayed up til 4am making a new set of flashcards even though the old ones were perfectly fine.”

“They were incomplete!” Ransom says, coming to life for another moment. “They didn’t incorporate any of the--”

“Shut up,” Holster says good naturedly. “Go back to sleep. We’re on in twenty.”

To all appearances, Ransom obeys and Holster turns to Jack. “Test anxiety,” he explains. “Can be a pain when you’re stuck rooming with the guy but… he’s a genius. Gonna be a great doctor someday.”

Jack nods because that seems to be the polite thing to do.

“But, yeah, don’t worry about it. We usually stay up that late anyway. Shitty was just being…” he waves a hand. Unlike the other one, Jack doesn’t know what this one means. Or what the hell Shitty is.

“Shitty?” He asks.

“Guy with the mustache,” Holster explains.

“Oh,” Jack says and then because it seems Shitty would be more interested in an apology, “Is he here?”

“No, he’s not coming,” Holster says and it’s probably because of the small blond boy from yesterday and his obvious fear about Jack getting them fired, that is where Jack’s brain goes. That somehow someone had found out and the guy - Shitty - had gotten fired.

Of course as soon as he has the thought, Holster is continuing.

“Dude is hella sick. That’s probably why he was so grumpy yesterday. Bitty is making soup though so should be back by tomorrow.” Bitty must be the cute one from the South, Jack decides. He had babbled about pies last night. (Wait? Cute? What?)

“Oh,” Jack says. And then can’t think of a single other things to say. Holster appears to be sliding back to sleep. “Well, I’ll see you.”

“Sure thing, man,” Holster says and then there’s nothing else to do but leave. So Jack does. Wondering why he still feels like he’s missing something.

*^*^*^

Of course, on the ice crew end, this is another one-off conversation that won’t be repeating itself. The Falconers go on a string of away games (they win all but one of them) and they enjoy their time off by staying at the rink just as long as they usually would except fooling around a lot more. Chowder and Nursey are pissed that they missed Jack Zimmermann and Shitty allows that he “seems like an okay dude once he examines how his actions affect others” but the conversation doesn’t last much longer than that. There are trick plays to try out and whenever they have the ice to themselves for a while, Bitty ends up trying to teach them figure skating tricks and so Jack Zimmermann fades to the background.

The Falconers come back and the ice crew hangs in the back and watches and cheers as they go up and then--

“Thank you,” Jack says as he skates over to where Bitty is trying to get the goal area clear. “Uh, Bitty, right?”

“Y-yes,” Bitty says.

“Thank you, Bitty,” Jack repeats, looking serious and Bitty gives himself one moment to stare because Jack Zimmermann had just thanked him by name in the middle of a game but there’s no time to do much more than that.

It keeps happening. Jack Zimmermann runs into Ransom and Holster working on the Zamboni that is always breaking down and thanks them by name and then he walks into the weight room to find Dex and Nursey wiping everything down and he asks them their names and then thanks them and no one knows how he learned Chowder’s name but he gets thanks and then he manages to corner Shitty in the break room and both apologizes again and thanks him.

And he does not skate on the ice after games or practices anymore and when a reporter asks him for what he attributes the Falconers success with this year, he says “Well, the whole team is just really great. And, you know, I’d also like to thank people that I’m not sure get enough credit - the ice crew. The ice crew and really all those who work at this rink. We couldn’t do it without them.”

The boys (plus Lardo) are all obviously cleaning as he says this but Johnson had tivo-ed the game and shows it to them after (“time to push this narrative along, bros, trust me.”) and well… that’s nice.

And just like that Jack Zimmermann is off the shit list.

Chowder buys a jersey and everything.

*^*^*^

It’s late after a game when Jack Zimmermann really interacts with the ice crew again. It was a tough loss in overtime and he knows that nothing he can do now will change it but the itch to get back on the ice and just go over a few of his shots is driving him crazy and he has a plan-

He didn’t go back after press, instead opting to hide in the weight room until 11pm and now, he is going to sneak onto the ice and then stick to a small section and then what he’ll do is get to practice first tomorrow and go skate in that one section again so the ice crew won’t be blamed for it being messed up and one of these days he’s going to learn to drive a Zamboni. That way he can clean up after himself completely.

So, he has his plan and he personally thinks it’s a good one and then--

Then, as he walks out of the tunnel, he hears laughter on the ice. And he pops his head out and squints at the lights and sees the ice crew playing hockey. On his ice.

Their equipment is all used, worn, and mismatched and there is only one goal set up and one of their sticks looks like it’s been broken in half and then taped back together and even after freezing and watching for a solid two minutes, he cannot figure out what drill they are running but they--

They are laughing.

“Hey,” a voice says from the fifth row up. It’s the girl of the group. Jack hasn’t interacted with her because she drives the Zamboni and he is in the locker room for that part.

“Hi,” he says.

“They are allowed to be on the ice,” she tells him flatly, glaring at him. “Part of their payment, actually, they can use it anytime it’s not booked as long as they clean up after.”

“Oh, okay,” he replies. And then stands there. Like an idiot.

“Do you want to watch?”

“Well,” he starts. “I was going to--”

“Do you mind sharing?” She asks bluntly. He notices that kicking them off completely is not an option.

“No,” he says honestly. He spends his whole life skating around about twenty other dudes. Sure, he likes having the rink all to himself, especially after a loss but--

“GUYS!” The girl shouts. “ZIMMERMANN WANTS TO SHARE THE RINK.”

Her words cause a little bit of panic. Ransom and Holster (who seem to be playing d-men) run into each other, Chowder pops out of the goal, the short one who must be Bitty falls down. The only one who remains semi-calm is Shitty, who Jack can recognize easily by his long hair. He skates over, look at the girl as if silently communicating with her and then at Jack as if reading him and--

“Oh, gosh!” Bitty says, rising. “We can- we didn’t know--”

“You want the far side or near side?” Shitty asks simply.

“Far is fine,” Jack says. “If you don’t mind.”

“No problem,” Shitty replies. And so Jack skates over and he hears the hushed conference that he leaves in his wake but ignores it. He’s long used to whispers. And they fade quickly.

So, he has half the rink and he tries to focus on re-taking the shots he missed and tweaking his wrist a little bit so that next time they will go in but he can’t. He’s too distracted. By the laughter and then the shrieking and the crashes and the chirping and it his least focused practice in years.

But he doesn’t complain. And when they pack up thirty minutes later, he does too so they won’t have to wait for him. And they wave off his help with the cleaning and he gets into his car and drives home alone. Just like every other night.

*^*^*^

Bitty bakes him a thank you pie and leaves it in his locker with a short note and it’s way too much pie for one person (especially when that person is on a NHL diet) so he only manages to eat about half of it before they go on a roadie and he has to thrown it out when he gets back.

For some reason, it makes him feel terrible. He almost apologizes when he sees Bitty next but he settles for saying “Thank you, it was delicious” and revelling in the way Bitty blushes just a little.

*^*^*^

This continues. When Jack wants to stay behind after a game, he waits until the ice crew has started practicing but then politely ignores them to do his own thing.

And then, almost five weeks after they’ve started this arrangement, Jack is doing some extra practice after practice and he hears someone clear their throat and sees Shitty waiting by the wall.

“So, feel free to say no,” Shitty starts. “But do you mind sharing the rink? We usually try to practice after you guys when there’s not a home game.”

A part of Jack wants to say that he does mind. That he needs this time alone to focus and get better and perfect things but he really doesn’t need the whole rink - his extra practice is usually just shots and some footdrill, no conditioning that would require going the entire length of the rink. When he glides around, it is usually mindlessly running over plays and he doesn’t need to do that across the whole rink. Though he does prefer it.

But, “No,” he says. “I don’t mind. I’ll take the far side.”

“Swawesome,” Shitty says, grinning at him. “We’ll be real fast, Ransom and I have a 5 o’clock class!”

“No problem,” Jack replies.

And it’s not. Aside from the distraction of the noise and the way he finds himself glancing over when there is a bout of laughter that is particularly loud, it’s not a problem at all.

He just has to grit his teeth and focus. So he does. He glares at the net and hits hard and furiously collects the pucks of his missed shots so he can try again and--

“Yo! YO!” From the sound of it, Shitty has been calling him a while. Jack realizes he’s breathing deeply and tries to stop it.

“Sorry to interrupt,” Shitty says. “But just wanted to let you know that we’re heading out. You don’t have to worry about cleaning up, though. We’ve gotta come back around 8 to get this place ready for a charity thing anyway.”

“Oh,” Jack says. He’s still thinking about angles, to be honest. “Okay.”

Shitty goes to skate away and then looks back.

“You guys have off tomorrow,” he says.

“Y-yeah,” Jack replies. He has plans to finally call his parents and maybe cook enough food that he will have leftovers for the week. “We do.”

Shitty stares at him. It’s slightly unnerving but Jack is still panting.

“So you like hockey, right?” Shitty asks suddenly. Jack blinks and opens his mouth to say of course. Of course he likes hockey. He’s been doing it his whole life and he is very good at it and it’s all he’s ever wanted to do ever so yes.

He says it aloud just to prove it. “Yes.”

“Okay, well… if you want, we are practicing tomorrow at 11am,” Shitty says. “You should come skate with us. If you want. Chill more like. Nothing that will get you in trouble with your trainer.”

“Umm,” Jack starts. He… he had planned to just do cardio. He has a schedule. He likes it. “I don’t--”

“No pressure,” Shitty says. “Just if you feel like it.”

And then he does skate away and-- Don’t be silly, Jack tells himself. He is not going to go to play hockey with an ice crew. That makes no sense at all.

*^*^*^

The next morning, at 10:55am, Jack pulls up to Faber stadium, telling himself he is a complete idiot. He turns off the car and then turns it back on again to drive away and instead gets out and heads in. There is already yelling from the area around the ice.

“I’m just saying that I think I deserved the last extra pancake! I killed that spider the other day!”

“Bro, you did not kill the spider. I literally saw it last night.”

“It came back to life. I had killed it!”

“I told y’all - whoever finds a cleaner fluid strong enough to get the mold off the tub gets the extra pancake for life. I swear, when we all die young, it’s ‘cause of that monstrosity.”

Jack walks in and, as usual, the conversation stops. He should be used to it because even the Falconers go respectfully quiet when he first enters in case he has a message from the coaches and only start up again when he sits down and starts getting ready but for some reason it just now occurs to him how much he hates that.

“I- I thought they had off,” Bitty whispers up at Holster.

“No, they do,” Shitty says. “I invited Jack here to come hang with us! Hey, bro, glad you could make it!”

Jack can’t help but wonder when the last time he was called “Jack” was. To the Falconers, he’s Zimms and to the media, he’s either that or Mr. Zimmermann, and to every other person he meets he is usually some combination of the two.

“Thanks,” he says, wishing his voice didn’t always come out so monotone. “Uh, I can just sit and watch for a while if you want. I don’t want to disturb your practice.”

“Psh, c’mon,” Shitty says. “Get your skates on. It’s just hockey. Not that serious.”

To Jack, that phrase makes no sense. Hockey is always serious. But he is not going to argue.

Just like in his locker room, the banter gradually starts up again, though not at the same volume as before. He feels better when he gets on the ice and Lardo dumps a bucket of pucks onto the side and Jack gets one and everyone is passing and taking the occasional shot on goal for Chowder to try and stop and he doesn’t want to shoot but doesn’t know who to pass to and everyone is sort of quiet.

It’s stiff and awkward and I’m ruining this, Jack thinks to himself. I should leave and let them have fun.

But leaving now would be even more awkward and some things are automatic and so when he gets the puck next time, again, he just whips it towards the goal without thought and it goes in because… well, Jack plays professional hockey and Chowder is a community hockey goalie and Jack feels terrible but--

“Did you guys see that!” Chowder says. He sounds excited. “That was so fast!”

“Um,” Jack says.

“Bro,” Shitty says, but he doesn’t sound reproachful. “We are going to need to come up with some handicaps for you.”

“Left-handed!” Ransom yells. “Make him play left-handed!”

“Or, like, only shoot from center ice,” Nursey adds.

“Skate on one foot,” Dex says.

“Let’s start with the left-handed thing,” Shitty says with a smile. “But if you start making those shots we are banishing you to center ice.”

Jack smiles and switches hands and fumbles his next few passes getting used to it and in fact, he has to concentrate on it so much that he forgets to feel awkward and--

Jack plays professional hockey. Not only that, but he plays professional hockey on a team that won the Stanley Cup last year so the Ice Crew is nowhere near the best players he’s shared the ice with. They are not all secret hockey talents but--

Holster and Ransom have a level of coordination on the ice that is downright freaky. Once he gets warmed up, Chowder turns into a somewhat terrifying goalie who drops in and out of splits like no one Jack has ever seen. Dex is pretty intimidating in a face-off and Bitty is the fastest thing Jack has ever seen on the ice.

Shitty is actually pretty terrible but he laughs the loudest and comes up with crazy challenges that even Jack struggles to complete (because why would you ever need to skate while balancing a puck on the end of your stick??) and many impromptu races (that Bitty wins) and that’s before they start practicing “trick plays.”

The Falconers have a few trick plays that they like to try sometimes.

They are not like these.

The Ice Crew has a trick play where they try to hide Bitty behind Holster so when Holster veers off the goalie will watch him and miss the fact that Bitty still has the puck. They have another where Holster and Ransom link arms and form a “goal barrier” to try to block shots (based off soccer, Shitty tells him as Holster and Ransom both fall in the background. We’re still working out the kinks.) There is another one where the person closest to Bitty picks him up and throws him and Dex and Nursey seem to be attempting to perfect one where Nursey slides through Dex’s open knees and it doesn’t seem to serve any purpose “except wouldn’t it be fucking nuts!” Shitty keeps trying to do a handstand, Bitty sometimes does spins and twirls (“he used to be a figure skater,” Chowder tells Jack. “Isn’t it so awesome!!”), and Jack doesn’t realize it but about twenty minutes in he stops being so so worried about failing and relaxes.

When Shitty wipes out after trying to do a jump like Bitty, Jack laughs.

It doesn’t go unnoticed.

“I see how it is,” Shitty grumbles, glaring at him with a smile in his eyes. “If you think it’s so easy, why don’t you give it a try?”

“Don’t be ridiculous,” Bitty says. “Jack Zimmermann is not going to--”

“Okay,” Jack says. “Bet I can land it before you do.” It’s gentle, as chirps and challenges go and he’s not sure he even did it right but Shitty laughs harder.

“Oh, lord,” Bitty says. “Well, just wait a minute, hold on, I got to at least tell you the basics before you go on and injure yourself and we all get fired.”

So then Jack spends twenty minutes being told how to properly jump and land (“not that you’ll really be able to on these dang hockey skates”) and then he falls (probably for the first time in years) and meanwhile all the other boys are doing it (and sometimes even landing the jump) and it takes Jack four tries.

He gets a rush of satisfaction that is almost unfamiliar.

Eventually, the boys do settle down for a more serious practice and Jack exits the rink for that (it is supposed to be his day off and being exhausted will not help his team) so he sits next to Lardo and she doesn’t say anything, merely hands him a piece of paper and a pen in case he wants to doodle like she is. But there’s a pile of books next to her that draws his attention. She follows his gaze.

“Shitty is taking a history class this semester,” she says, nodding towards them. “He reads them on the drive over and then our car doesn’t lock so he’s always afraid to leave them in there. Feel free to look through them. He won’t mind.”

Jack vaguely remembers liking history back when he went to school. He grabs the top one - Guns, Germs, and Steel and starts at the beginning.

Forty-five minutes later, Lardo pokes him in the side.

“They’re all done,” she tells him. “They’ll fool around for another few minutes while cleaning up though if you want to head back out there.”

Jack nods and then goes to help.

He doesn’t let them wave him off this time. They all try- Bitty more than once - but he just stands there and then grabs a towel and spray and gets to it.

When they all drive away, it’s only been a little over two hours but to Jack it feels longer. Like something has changed.

Also, as he watches the five of them pile into one car (for some reason it seems Lardo is driving and Bitty called shotgun even though that means Holster, Ransom, and Shitty are all crammed in the back and, all told, it is a 5 minute production that involves a good amount of cursing and please, bitty, we’re sorry about the pie!), he can’t help but wonder what it would be like to go with them.

He also can’t help wonder if maybe they could be friends.

*^*^*^

The answer to that, of course, is no.

Because, again, the Falconers go on the road and then when they get back they lose, badly, and Jack doesn’t even realize he didn’t bother to say thank you to any of them, not even when he passed them on the ice until afterwards. He sits under the shower for ten minutes and tells himself he is going to suck it up and apologize when they are all on the ice together later tonight but then when he finally frees himself of the press, the rink is empty.

It’s a relief, if he’s being honest. He needed time alone tonight and when he finally does skate off the ice, he feels better. Maybe not good. But better.

It’s short-lived. Because as he heads back to his locker room, he hears a slight murmur from the break room and he hesitates and he wouldn’t say he’s waiting to see if they are watching him and waiting for him to finish before they come out but he lingers.

His half-formed hypothesis was right. After a moment, he hears “C’mon, dudes, he’s cleared out” and then “Oh, I do hope he feels better.” And then the door is opening and Jack being the idiot that he is has forgotten to walk away.

“Sorry,” he says automatically. “For--”

“Dude, don’t worry about it,” Holster says. “It was a rough game.”

“Really rough,” Bitty adds. “Some of those checks looked brutal.” His hands are wringing together nervously as he talks and Jack thinks he might be nervous for him but that makes no sense so he just sort of nods and they all start moving away.

“You didn’t have to stay off the ice,” Jack says, to Shitty as the others stride ahead. He doesn’t want them to think that.

“Sure we did,” Shitty says, gripping Jack’s shoulder in a friendly manner. “It’s okay, bro. Stop stressing.”

*^*^*^

Of course, Jack continues to stress about it because Jack is Jack. He keeps stressing about it even when the boys glide onto his post-practice practice as if nothing has changed and he stresses about it when they do the same after the next game and--

Finally, he goes to management and asks them if the ice crew gets overtime.

He dislikes the answer, which boils down to: No, but they all get pretty much a full 40 hours during the season, which is a lot better than most minimum-wage jobs, and they are allowed to use the rink free of charge so-- what do you mean this is unacceptable, Mr. Zimmermann? Most of the game they are sitting and watching anyway!

“Take it out of my pay,” he tells them and he doesn’t need to see their faces to know he is acting like a crazy person. “I’m serious. Time and a half for overtime. I will not accept this.”

Jack Zimmermann fights for overtime pay for Providence Ice Crew, reads a tiny headline on NHL.com. Jack is furious that even that got out (even though he knows the Falconers are always looking for a way to humanize him) and he lives in fear of one of the guys saying something but--

“Don’t worry,” Johnson tells him. (Jack isn’t sure when Johnson actually works at the rink though he does live with them. Johnson played goalie in college and is extra strange. Even for a goalie.) “It’s exam season and none of them read nhl.com that often anyway. Also, I made sure to crash our internet for thirty-six hours. Everyone loves the secret good-guy trope you’ve got going. Your secret is safe with me.”

“... thanks,” Jack tells him.

“Don’t want to rush the story,” Johnson replies. “Though, damn, this is getting long, isn’t it? You can see why the comic had most of these relationships already established.”

Jack nods, though, really he has no idea what the hell Johnson is talking about.

*^*^*^

Two weeks later, after another practice with the Ice Crew, Jack is invited out to lunch.

“We’re celebrating!” Bitty tells him. Unlike Shitty, Bitty had taken a little while to warm up to him (aka to stop stammering whenever Jack was around) but Jack thinks they are finally there. The thought puts a warm buzz in his stomach that he doesn’t let himself examine. “We are actually going to get to play a game.”

“And the league of dentists is going down!” Holster says, throwing an arm around Jack. They all do that now (except Bitty, who seems to avoid most of the wrestling that breaks out. Which makes sense, he is very small.).

“When is it?” Jack asks. “And where?”

“Tomorrow afternoon,” Shitty replies. “Over in CT. By Hartford. The league is pretty small so there’s a lot of travel.”

“Cool,” Jack says, realizing with a sinking gut that the Falconers have been home for almost two weeks and are due to head to the South. He won’t be able to go. “You sure you don’t mind if I come to lunch?”

“Of course not!” Bitty says. “We’re going to a great little sandwich shop. You’ll love it.”

Jack does.

Not only because of the sandwiches (which are delicious) but because all nine of them cram into a booth meant maybe for 6 and he’s cramped and Nursey spills his coke on him and everyone talks over everyone and it occurs to him that he is smiling the whole time.

And listens the whole time. And then talks too.

He learns about Holster’s injury that led to him getting knocked from the Q (“Do not show him your scar at the table, Holster, or so help me”) and, to Jack, that is his literally worst nightmare come true but Holster seems fine with it (“was always going to be at the bottom of any NHL team, man, and now I get to try a bunch of different things.”). He gets an epic tale of Shitty’s fall out with his father that the boy’s have clearly heard before because sometimes they come in with him and he gets to see some of Lardo’s artwork (she has pictures on her phone) and when asks if he prefers the west to the east coast, Chowder goes on a ramble that bounces between both sides.

Bitty tells him that he is from Georgia and had planned to make it all the way to Boston “to find myself a boy that looked like Chris Evans” (he says this part with a little glare of challenge and around him, the others tense up and Jack knows instinctively that he is not supposed to react and so he doesn’t. Just nods. Know that he can’t say anything about also not turning down a boy that looks like Chris Evans but almost wants to.) “but got stuck here with these crazies instead.”

The whole time he worries constantly that he is going to say the wrong thing or ask the wrong questions and offend someone but if he does, no one says anything.

It occurs to him that they are friends. That he is friends with them and he likes them and more surprisingly, they like him.

It’s been a long time since Jack had friends instead of teammates.

(A part of him wonders if he ever did.)

*^*^*^

The Ice Crew wins their game.

Jack gets to hear all about it from Shitty while is a very strange experience because it sort of sounds like he might be talking about sex but it’s funny all the same. And the ice crew doesn’t go away or fade out or even stick to talking to him only at practices.

One day when Jack is struggling through press (they had won but it wasn’t a very clean win) and then he looks up to see Ransom, Holster, and Shitty in the back of the room, making ridiculous faces. And he can’t help but smile a little and then Shitty glances around quickly before mooning him and it’s all he can do not to laugh.

So, the next time Jack is on the ice after a win, he skates over and joins their practice rather than taking shots alone.

The next time the Falconers lose, Jack makes a point to go to the break room and tell everyone they should join him and after half an hour joins them on their side of the ice.

He stresses that night about how this isn’t taking the game seriously anymore and how he is going to start making mistakes and letting his team down but then Shitty’s voice is in his head saying: “Dude, you gotta go with the flow” and see Bitty looking up at him and smiling, muttering “Jesus, but shouldn’t you be taking a break?” he falls asleep.

When they are up 3-0, Shitty actually slaps him on the ass as he skates by mid-game. Jack just smiles. He can hear Ransom and Holster’s laughter and Bitty’s “Shitty! You did not!” from where he is standing and the next time the ice crew comes out, Jack does the same to Shitty.

“Boys,” Bitty says. “Y’all are supposed to be professionals.”

*^*^*^

“Jack,” Bitty says as they Zamboni the ice after practice one day. (Jack had been serious about wanting to learn but he’s not sure Bitty is the best teacher. He thinks he needs to convince Lardo to teach him. Bitty keeps talking about pies. And Jack keeps getting distracted by staring down at the way Bitty’s hair curls in around his ears but that’s neither here nor there.).

“Yeah?”

“Would you like to come to Thanksgiving?”

Jack blinks.

“Just if you don’t have other plans,” Bitty says, voice jumping into a ramble. “Last year, I ended up cooking enough for about twenty people even though it was just six of us so there will be plenty of food. Plus no one does holidays like the Bit-- like people from the south do.”

Jack is supposed to go spend American Thanksgiving with his parents because that’s when the league gets a break so he already has his flight booked for home. So, “no” is the easy answer here.

“Let me check,” he says instead.

And he does. He calls his parents and asks if they would be okay with him staying down in Providence and “doing Thanksgiving with some friends” this year and on the other line, both his parents go very, very quiet.

“Oh, with the Falconers?” Alicia tries first. Her voice sounds slightly strangled. Jack doesn’t know what to make of it.

“Uh, no,” Jack says. His father takes a breath as if he is going to say something but then stops. “I- I’ve actually been hanging out with the ice crew.”

For some reason, spoken aloud it sounds ridiculous. That he, a NHL player, is hanging out with the guys who essentially clean up after him. His parents’ silence seems to confirm the fact. And suddenly Jack is half-angry, half-desperate.

“They are really cool guys,” Jack says, hoping he’s not coming across as defensive. “We, uh, well we got to talking at the beginning of the season and they are closer to my age so, uh, they invited me to come to their house for Thanksgiving.”

His parents are quiet for another beat and Jack cannot begin to figure out what that means and he is about to give in and just say “Forget it” to this whole thing but-

“That’s great!” His mother sounds entirely too chipper. “Oh, Jack, that’s… of course you should stay.”

“With your friends,” His father adds. His voice sounds oddly rough. Jack hopes he isn’t getting sick. “You just stay down there and hang out with your friends.”

“Okay,” Jack says. “Thanks.”

“But!” Alicia says, quickly as if she were afraid he was going to hang up. He not usually that abrupt. “But we want to hear about them. This is the first you’ve mentioned them.”

Jack blinks.

“Er,” he says. “Okay, well, I guess I met Shitty first. That’s his name, well, not his real name but he’s 21 too and right now he’s taking a history class and lets me read his books when he’s done with them. They are interesting and--”

Jack’s conversations with his parents are usually quick check-ins. Sometimes he’ll talk to his dad about the games and his mom always likes to hear that he’s doing okay but they don’t last very long.

This one is over an hour.

He thinks he ends up talking about Bitty the most but he doesn’t really keep track.

*^*^*^

Jack is pretty sure he has the wrong address. Because he is pretty sure the building in front of him is technically condemned. Or should be. He would take his two bottles of wine and turn around except Beyonce is filtering through the walls (too easily, to be honest) and he recognizes the junky Saab parked outside.

So he walks up to the front door and knocks and--

“Jack!” Ransom says. “You made it! Come in!”

“Do not take off your shoes,” Holster says, popping out from over Ransom’s shoulder. “One time Bitty tried to clean this floor and it started disintegrating.”

Jack nods and he’s a little nervous as he steps into the house (the Haus, as they call it) but it’s…

It’s terrible if you look at the actual house but the mismatching sofas at least look comfy and it’s tidy and there’s curtains that make it look homey.

It feels more like a home than Jack’s much larger place that he does not share with six people. That may be because of the clutter only semi-neatly tucked away, it's probably because whatever Bitty is cooking smells amazing. Jack says as much as then he is being pulled into the kitchen where he gets only a wave from Bitty because he is busy and--

“Holster, I swear if you sneak one more bite of food before this is done, I am going to have your head,” Bitty snaps. “In fact, that’s enough. Everyone out of my kitchen!”

Jack wants to stay and help but he gets pulled away by Shitty (“Bits is mad intense about his holidays, bro. Best to just stay out of his way.”) and plopped down on the couch.

“So you guys all stay down for the holidays too?” Jack says, trying to start casual conversation more than anything.

“Well, going to my parents’ involves wearing a freaking suit and hearing hour long lectures about how I’m wasting my life,” Shitty supplies with a shrug. “Chowder’s live too far away, he should be over any second, and--”

“Bitty cooks much better than my mom,” Holster says, but there’s an edge to his casualness that Jack can’t really place. Ransom nods stiffly in agreement.

“Yeah, totally.”

“Lardo is up with her parents, though,” Shitty says. “Same with Nursey and Dex. And Johnson. I think. Actually, I don’t really know where Johnson went.”

“And Bitty?” Jack tries with a smile. “Does he stick around just to cook for you guys?” He expects a laugh for it because Bitty is constantly saying how the others are terrible cooks and the boys are always trying to defend themselves (“We survived for almost a full year before you turned up on our doorstep, Bitty!”) but instead he gets awkward uncomfortable silence.

The three sort of look at each other and Jack wants to apologize but doesn’t know exactly what he did wrong so--

“Look,” Shitty starts, sounding serious. “Whatever you do, don’t bring up--”

“See!” Bitty says, bounding into the room. “I told y’all I just needed thirty seconds to put on the finishing touches. Now where’s Chowder?”

“I’ll call him!” Ransom says, a hair too fast to be considered normal. Bitty sort of blinks at him and then accepts it.

“Family,” Shitty hisses at him as they all rise to move to the kitchen area where Bitty has set up a folding table just for the event. “Don’t ask about family.”

So Jack doesn’t (he doesn’t really get the chance because Chowder arrives and they eat and talk and they break out the wine) but he does watch.

He notices how often Bitty checks his phone during dinner and the way he lights up when it rings, only to dim a little bit when it’s a very drunk Lardo. He notices that the whole table very carefully avoids any and all talk of family even though there are a few openings that they all just skirt around. He notices that Bitty’s smile gets a little forced as the night goes on and when Jack, Ransom, Holster, and Chowder start the clean-up and Bitty disappears into the living room, Jack notices that Shitty follows him.

He peaks in as he’s clearing the table and so he sees Shitty bundle Bitty up into a hug, plucking his phone from his hands as he does so and stashing it in his back pocket and just holding him.

Jack doesn’t think he’s the only one to notice that when Bitty returns “to help y’all actually put stuff back correctly” his smile is forced and his eyes look a little red but he is sensible enough not to say anything.

All in all though, it’s a great evening. Nursey and Dex show up around nine with more wine pillaged from Nursey’s house and they all pile into the living room to watch the game and Jack gets the tour of the Haus. (Technically 3 bedrooms; Bitty and Lardo share one, Shitty and Johnson have the other two and then Ransom and Holster cleared out the attic). None of it looks particularly safe (“Shitty somehow has stopped it from being condemned and when you go upstairs, don’t step on the X in red duct tape, your foot will literally crash right through”) and a part of Jack is honestly concerned he may die (or at the very least get some sort of disease) but, in the end, he’s sad to leave.

*^*^*^

It’s not that Jack doesn’t like the other players on the Falconers. He does like them. But many of them are considerably older than he is and he is the captain so the ones that are his age treat him with a level of respect that makes friendship difficult and Jack knows that he hasn’t helped the situation. He came to Providence and worked hard and played great hockey and that seemed to be what everyone wanted so he worked harder and tried to play better hockey and he likes his teammates and they respect him while affectionately calling him “a hockey robot” and that doesn’t bother Jack, per se, but it’s…

It’s nice to just be Jack. To be respected for something other than hockey.

The Ice Crew respects him when he finally learns to drive the Zamboni successfully and they are impressed when he has done all the same history readings as Shitty and can hold his own in a debate over tactics during the Civil War. They laugh with him when he starts chirping them and smile when he starts making jokes and when he finally gets good enough at left-handed shots to hit a goal against Chowder, they cheer as if he has just won the Stanley Cup.

They most they ever say about the Providence Falconers is a quick congratulations after their wins and nods of sympathy when they lose.

When Jack is on the road for away games, he misses them.

Over Christmas break, they add him to the Group Chat and he had wanted to invite at least Shitty and Bitty up to Canada for the break because context clues told him that they would be spending it alone but every time he tries, the words got caught in this throat and then all he could think about what how his family lived in a freakin’ mansion and the Ice Crew had done a Secret Santa and capped the presents at $20 so all Jack could give Bitty was a set of hockey-themed cookie cutters instead of the figure skating skates that he knew Bitty would just love. (He buys them anyway and tells himself there will be no price limit on birthday spending.)

(He’d gotten a bobblehead of himself from Holster. It’s sitting on his desk even though it freaks him out a little.)

So he doesn’t invite them and then regrets it and winds up texting the whole time he is home. He smiles at the pictures of Shitty and Bitty setting up the Haus for Christmas and laughs at the pictures of Holster’s family (all blond, too tall, and sporting identical grins) and he can’t help when Nursey and Chowder start freaking out about what to buy their parents for Christmas but he tries.

(Bitty gets a new haircut too. The sides are shaved and Jack thinks it might be called an "undercut" based on context clues from the Group Chat. Jack likes it. It... it suits him somehow. Or maybe Bitty is just really good at taking selfies. Either way, Jack ends up look at the picture more than once.)

He books a flight early and meets up with them for New Years. Bitty is still too young to go to bars so they hunker down in the Haus - Lardo, Holster, and Ransom made it back from break - and Shitty kisses everyone at midnight.

*^*^*^

In January, for the first time in his life, Jack learns something about himself through the media. He sees his name on the Sportscenter sidebar and is prepared to change the channel because a lifetime of hearing his name on ESPN means he knows it’s probably going to be crap but he is eating a what’s left of a maple-crusted apple pie that Bitty made him and can’t be bothered to find the remote so--

“Now, Chris,” one of the anchors starts. “Let’s talk about Jack Zimmermann.”

“Great player,” Chris says. “Great, great player, John, but as you know, often accused of being… I don’t know the word. Distant? Intense?”

“I believe the phrase his teammates use is ‘hockey robot,” John replies with a laugh. “The kid puts up incredible stats and the fans love him because, damn, can that boy play some hockey but the PR guys at the Providence Falconers must have a hell of a time trying to get him to have a personality!”

“As a captain, he has to do the press, obviously,” Chris says and Jack feels tension settle in his gut. He knows he’s bad with people. Unless it’s about hockey he just sounds stupid and-- “It has been rough. After they won the Cup, this guy looked happy for all of maybe five minutes.”

“But!” John says. “But apparently, word on the street - or the rink, if you will, is that that is changing.”

“I know! I know!” Chris says. “For those who haven’t been following the Falconers - and I don’t know why you’re not, they have a good chance of getting back-to-back cup wins - but if you haven’t, something pretty amazing has been happening. Let’s take a look.”

And a montage of Jack’s more recent games pops on the screen and Jack frowns because he has no idea what they are talking about and all the clips are good - him scoring and celebrating after, a particularly sweet assist he had just the other day, another point and a celly in which he tried to do a little spin like Bitty had taught him, him smiling as the buzzer rings and they win again.

He has no idea what they are talking about. It looks like a perfectly typical highlight reel of hockey.

“See that!” Chris says. “Do you see what I mean?”

“I do,” John says, smiling. “But I’ve been following Zimmermann for years so for the folks at home…”

“Well, Jack Zimmermann is known as this emotionless hockey robot,” Chris explains. “But for the past few months, he’s been… well, he looks like he’s enjoying himself, John.”

“It’s almost like he likes hockey!” John says. “Seriously, watch his celebrations these days- wait, sorry, wait watch apparently we have a comparison reel.”

And then a bunch of Jack’s goals from last year play and he sees himself smile for just a moment, maybe fist pump and then get right back down to business and this time when they play his highlights from this year where he is hugging teammates and smirking and freaking twirling, he sees the difference.

He sits down on the couch.

“Now, that’s a good story on its own,” Chris says. “We always love to see professionals who still love what they do but that’s not the end. Now, I know that we were a bit hesitant to report on this because we couldn’t get anyone to comment but, let’s head to Nicole. Nicole?”

“Thanks, Chris,” Nicole says, beaming at the camera. “As you said, this is a bit of rumor but according to a few sources, the cause of Zimmermann’s turnaround has been his friendship with the Falconers’ ice crew.”

“The ice crew?” John asks.

“Yes,” Nicole says. “For those of you who don’t know, the ice crew is in charge of cleaning up the ice during and after the games and earlier this year, Jack Zimmermann became the first NHL player to publicly thank the ice crew for all their hard work this season in a post-game conference. Here, take a look.”

Jack winces because he always hates watching himself in the press because he knows he sounds stupid, but he watches as he says that the credit for their win should go to the ice crew as well as the team and others who work at the rink.

“But, that’s not all,” Nicole says. “A few weeks after that, NHL.com reported that Jack Zimmermann apparently went to the Falconers’ organization to ensure the the ice crew was receiving overtime pay for those late games when they still have to clean everything up. Apparently, he told the manager to take it out of his own pay if they had to.”

“That is classy,” Chris says. “That is just a classy move.”

“I hope the other ice rinks around the league take note,” John agrees.

“So sweet,” Nicole agrees and Jack doesn’t particularly like his conversation with management being referred to as “sweet” when really it was just fairness but the segment isn’t over yet.

“Now, that could just be Jack Zimmermann being a nice guy,” Nicole says. “But, someone on the internet put together the following compilation of Jack interacting with the ice crew and, honestly guys, you are not going to believe this.”

Jack stares. He knows, intellectually, that the cameras on an NHL game are always rolling and so he knows that his interactions with the ice crew would be recorded but he had never assumed that anyone would bother to find them all and then play them in a row.

And in a row, it’s just Jack talking to each of them as he comes back on the rink and all of them smiling at him. In a row, Jack can see the moment, he starts clapping them on the shoulder instead of just saying thank you. And in a row, he can watch the game that Shitty slapped him on the ass as he was leaving and he can see his face break into a shocked smile and then he can watch as he does it to Shitty in the next period. He can also see him looking up at Lardo and saying something as she drives off on the Zamboni before the second period starts and he vaguely remembers leaning down and grabbing some spare ice and throwing it at Ransom and Holster before getting back on the ice but not in detail. He hadn’t remembered checking into Bitty and grinning as Bitty turned and yelled at him while trying to clean the ice in detail either.

But it’s him doing it all.

“So as you can see,” Nicole says with a giggle. “I think it’s safe to say that Jack Zimmermann has become quite buddy-buddy with the ice crew. And, we also have this.”

Jack is positive that Ransom, Holster, and Shitty did not realize that there was a camera on them when they stood behind in the presser making funny faces but it’s there for the world to see now - Jack’s face lighting up at their antics and the way that he has to ask the reporter to repeat the question when Shitty tries to climb up on Holsters back. He had thought he did a pretty good job at focusing and not laughing when Shitty mooned him but… there’s a definitely chuckle.

“Oh goodness,” Chris says, shuffling some papers. “That is exactly the time of stupid stuff I used to do with my friends back in the day.”

“Apparently,” Nicole continues. “Some people believe that Jack Zimmermann is actually hanging out with the ice crew on his days off. When these pictures of Zimmermann entering Fabler on his days off surfaced-” the screen cuts a pap photo of Jack walking in the side door “- many people assumed that this was just Jack Zimmermann trying to get in more practice time, but if you look in the background here-” Oh, Christ, now she has a TV and is pointing to the picture herself. “That is the ice crew’s car and security footage from a few minutes earlier has the whole gang piling into the rink minutes before Zimmermann.”

“Gosh, I love this,” John says. “Zimmermann sneaking his friends into the rink to play hockey. That’s great.”

“Well, the one manager I did get a hold of,” Nicole continues. “Says that the ice crew all play hockey and that, in fact, they are allowed to play on the rink when it’s not in use. So I think we can assume from this footage that Jack Zimmermann is using his day off to go and, well, play some hockey with the ice crew!”

“Incredible,” John says. “And, Nicole, am I reading this right? You called the ice crew and not one of them would give you any details on this apparent friendship?”

“No, they would not, John,” Nicole says. “The most they said is that they think Jack is a great hockey player and it’s a lot of fun working at the rink.”

“Well, I’m happy to see him happy,” Chris says. “I think all of us were a little worried about that kid, to be honest. But he’s playing with passion again and that’s always a good thing.”

“I think it’s fair to say that perhaps this ice crew has reignited his love of the sport,” John says. “Just incredible to see. Jack, if you’re watching this - you keep on doing what you do, sir! Now, let’s switch tracks and talk some NFL. As you know the playoffs have started and that means--”

When Jack looks down, George is already calling him, doubtless to ask if he wants to make a statement or maybe to yell at him a little bit for not telling him any of this and he ignores it only to have Shitty’s number pop up on his phone.

Jack answers that. He almost always answers when one of the crew calls.

“Is it true?” Shitty crones. From the sound of it, people are celebrating in the background. He hears Bitty say something about pie. “Is our bromance reigniting your love of the game?”

He sounds ridiculous (and maybe high if Jack knows Shitty).

“Shut up,” he says, fighting a blush and realizing that it might be a little bit true. “I hate all you guys.”

“JACK SAYS HE HATES US!” Shitty calls to the group and there is a chorus of “FUCKING LIAR” and “WE ARE THE BEST THING THAT EVER HAPPENED TO HIM, ESPN SAID SO” and “I was going to make him a pie but if he hates us well--”

“I have to get ready for practice,” Jack says. “I’ll see you guys in a couple hours.”

“Don’t be too sad playing without us, babe,” Shitty says. “We’ll be right there for you after you’re done.”

“Go away, Shitty,” Jack says but he knows Shitty can hear his smile over the phone.

*^*^*^

The chirping is relentless and he knew it would be from the ice crew but it is also relentless from his teammates and it’s…

Jack frowns before realizing that it is all in good fun and he thinks that some of the “when are you going to introduce us to your friends, Zimmy??” Is genuine and Maddock, one of the oldest guys on the team, gives Jack a slap on the back and says “it’s good you found your people outside of all this” and the coaches pull him in to talk about these “extra practices” and Jack is prepared to get reamed out and told to stop immediately but instead he gets told that “It’s fine as long as you are careful, listen to your body, and bring that same energy to the ice” and even his coaches seem to think that his new happier attitude is a good idea.

Absolutely no work gets done in ice-crew practice today. Shitty keeps faux-crying and Ransom and Holster keep sandwiching him in group hugs and Bitty did bake him a pie so they all sit around and eat it and are then too full to move.

After his next game (a win, thank goodness), Jack gets asked about it.

“So… the ice crew?” A reporter says. “Care to comment on the rumors?”

“Well, they are a great group,” Jack says. “People don’t realize this but they work really hard to make sure we are playing on the best conditions possible and it’s not an easy job.”

There’s a pause where the reporter is clearly expecting more so Jack relaxes and just gives it to her.

“And, yes, the ice crew at Providence and I have become quite close,” he says, smiling a little. “But don’t tell them I told you that. They are all gonna get egos.”

The room laughs. He, Jack Zimmermann, makes a room of reporters laugh.

“How did you meet?” The reporter asks.

“Well, they yelled at me,” Jack admits with a smile. “For staying late after games and making it so they couldn’t go home. I didn’t realize that but then I did so--”

“So you made sure they were paid overtime?”

“Well, yes, that was only fair and I stopped doing it,” Jack says. “It kind of… grew from there. I would consider them some of my best friends.”

“Do you actually practice with them?” Another reporter asks.

“Well, not when they are seriously practicing,” Jack says. “But if they are just skating around, then yeah. I love being on the ice. And they are really talented. One of them is the fastest player I’ve ever seen. Seriously.”

“Do you think it’s changed your game play?”

Jack considers. Then smirks,

“Well, apparently it’s upped my celly-level,” he says.More laughter. He can see why people like laughter. It’s nice. And it eats up time. “And there are a few other trick plays I’ve been working on.”

It’s a lie - or enough of an exaggeration that it might as well be one - but the room chuckles again and then moves on.

*^*^*^

To the outside world and the media and even to the Falconers, this is where the story ends. With Jack learning to love the game again and gradually relaxing with his teammates enough that he has fun on the ice with them too (and tries to teach them how to twirl). It ends with Jack becoming even more obvious in his interactions with the ice crew how much he likes them and the compilation videos titled “Jack and his [Ice] Crew” get longer but not different, really, and that’s the end of the story.

Of course, it doesn’t actually end there.

Because that little buzz of excitement in Jack’s stomach when he looks at Bitty and the rush of anger he feels when he thinks about what little he knows about Bitty’s parents and the drum of ‘what if what if’ against his temple when he and Bitty sit just a little too close?

That doesn’t go away.