For all the shit Lance receives on a day-to-day basis from Keith and the other guys (but mostly Keith), Hunk definitely takes the crown for worst shuttle-craft pilot. And if Lance actually manages to get out of this, he'll never let his big, soft-hearted friend forget it.

"Jesus, hunk!" He curses, white-knuckled grip on the arm-rests of his seat. For the past twenty minutes they've been bobbing and weaving through uncharted, debris-ridden space, his normally-reserved friend making slap-dash flying decisions worthy of the Red Lion (though without nearly the same level of skill). "Slow down! I think you nearly side-swiped that whole freaking planet!"

"No talking," Hunk says, jaw set in a determined expression that he's had since they left planet-side. "Save your strength."

Lance pouts, but complies, hissing a bit as he takes his wadded-up jacket and presses it more firmly to his own abdomen. He can't help but notice in the periphery of his blurry vision that Hunk winces at the sound, but the larger paladin keeps his eyes trained on the view-screen in front of him.

Despite his more pressing physical issues, Lance feels a little guilty: he knows he would have a hell of a time trying to pilot a clunky ship through unfamiliar space while a friend bleeds out all over the nice, clean cockpit floors. Talk about a bummer.

Not that Lance thinks any of this is HIS fault; it was supposed to be a peaceful mission, dammit! When Coran and Allura stumbled upon a small (albeit way, way under-developed) society of pacifists that had yet to fall under the crushing force of Zarkon's thumb, it seemed an ideal situation for diplomacy.

Sending two paladins alone in a single shuttle to play diplomats was Coran's screwball idea:

"They all need to learn, and the D'al are the perfect opportunity!" he exclaimed. "All life is supposedly sacred in their culture, even the tiniest D'alan mud-flea. The potential for even Lance to incite a frenzy is optimistically minimal."

"Hey!"

"No," Allura said, hands on her hips. "Splitting up the paladins puts us at a severe strategic disadvantage."

"Never meeting the people we're trying to save does, too," Shiro pointed out, reasonably. "They won't believe in us if they don't know us. Besides, you said there was a small Galran installation in this galaxy that already has its eyes on the D'al. We have enough bodies to make two teams."

"Two teams, two missions." Pidge said with a shrug. "We can cover more ground and increase our odds of winning the war in the long run."

Allura sighed. "I don't like it... But I can't deny the logic." She smiled grimly. "And the paladins have clearly gotten very good at out-voting me."

"Never should've started that team bonding, food-fight-exercise-thing-y, baby," Lance said, shooting her the finger-guns.

"So who goes to the tea-party, and who gets to kick Galra ass?" Keith asked, arms crossed and making it very clear which task he'd prefer.

Shiro smiled. "How does anyone decide anything of importance? We'll draw straws..."

Lance is not surprised that he drew the short straw. He just didn't know it at the time.

And everything was going great at first: the D'al are green, hairless humanoids, and every bit as peaceful (and boring) as Coran implied, engaging in diplomatic relations with a grace and dignity far beyond their mud dwellings and humble (nearly non-existent) attire.

It's their pre-reformist enemies, the Xi'hal, that royally suck.

The D'al's leader was apparently anticipating an assassination attempt (hello, Lance would've appreciated that memo) but had no method of countering it: it is not the D'alan way to hide nor to retaliate. But what the leader didn't anticipate was that the attack would be on his young son. When the Xi'hal assassin -disguised as a priest- pulled the strange, hooked knife, Lance didn't even think, just acted...

And the next thing he knew, he was crouched painfully in the dirt in front of the kid, his guts slashed and a horrified look on all the faces around him, Hunk's included.

But hey, Lance is pretty sure the D'al like Team Voltron now, and, pacifists or no, they didn't seem too upset when Hunk shot the assassin with his bayard.

But all this reminiscing is wearing Lance out, and he's getting bored again. Hey, bothering Hunk is fun...

"Hey Hunk?" he asks, and wow, his voice is raspy. "You remember that old cleaning lady at our dorm, who was always losing her cat?" Hunk nods, still not looking Lance. "I teased you for it, but I actually thought it was pretty cool of you to go looking for it, even if it did run away, like, ninety times."

And Lance grins, because he can't help but remember every one of those times: that cat was a fucking nuisance, climbing latrines and ravines (and one time, hilariously, the officers' lounge; Lance has pictures), only to get stuck until someone brought the yowling beast down again. Hunk never failed to be the one to do so, even though he's grossly allergic to cats and terrified of heights.

"And that one time..." Lance coughs wetly and closes his eyes, still grinning. "When that little squirrel got its ass kicked by that ass-hole fat squirrel who took all his nuts, and you shared your lunch with it? Yeah, I teased you for that... But I thought that was pretty cool, too."

"Stop it!"

Lance opens his eyes, blinking at his friend in surprise. Hunk is not generally prone to emotional outbursts. "Stop what?"

"Stop talking to me like you're going to going to die!"

Lance looks down at his red, sodden jacket that he's pretty sure even Nunvill can't clean. "Well, it's not looking too peachy from where I'm sitting, buddy."

"You're going to be fine," Hunk seems to be trying to convince himself as much as Lance. "We're going to get you to a healing pod, and everything's going to be fine."

And Lance decides to let that be that, because Hunk is making that face he makes when he's nearly in tears, and the last thing Lance wants to see is something as heart-breaking as a crying Hunk.

Especially since it might actually be the last thing he sees.

Hunk curses (a rare sound indeed), and tries the shuttle's emergency broadcast system again.  "Hello? Hello? Where the hell are you guys?" He slaps his hand back down on the inter-space communicator, air huffing out of his large cheeks in frustration.

"No dice?"

"No dice," Hunk mutters. "Something in the metallic rocks of this asteroid belt is mucking up communications. All of our signals are bouncing back at us; even if I converted the shuttle's artificial gravity inducers into grounders for the sub-space transmission circuit-"

"English."

"-Even if I beefed up our communication systems, our transmissions still wouldn't go anywhere.  Or, at least, not where they're supposed to."

"Ah. Why didn't we just go around the stupid asteroid belt?"

Hunk's fingers clench around the pilot's controls. "We have to get to the ship, quickly. We don't have that kind of time."

And Lance's mind is getting a little fuzzy, but he doesn't miss the unspoken words: You don't have that kind of time...

"Hey, you know," Lance says, unable to ignore the elephant in the room, even when it's threatening to stomp on his head, "Even if we somehow manage to get within transmission range, the others are probably busy kicking Galra ass right now.  It's not like they can drop what they're doing and come get us."

"Then I'll think of something else."

Lance swallows, his throat painfully dry for some reason.  And he thinks: how fucking unfair would it be for Hunk if Lance bled out and he was left -poor, loyal, determined Hunk- all alone in this stupid shuttle in this stupid asteroid belt with a corpse, after trying so hard to save Lance's life? Lance presses his hoodie tighter against his stomach, even if it makes his vision go a little wonky for a beat, and takes a couple deep breaths. Because there is no way he's gonna let that happen. Not now that he's properly motivated.

But just in case...

"Hey Hunk?"

"Yeah?"

"I know you're trying to navigate through, like, four thousand space rocks right now, but if I die as a result of your terrible driving then I want the air to be clear-"

"Lance, I find it hard to believe that you would leave anything unsaid. I don't think there are enough words in the galaxy."

"Hey! I have secrets. Like wanting to jump Keith's bones."

They knock solidly into the side of an asteroid.

"What?!" Hunk exclaims, turning to gape at Lance. Lance grunts at the painful jarring of his wound. "Since when? H-how-?"

"Since pretty much the first time I saw that stupid mullet," Lance says through clenched teeth. "Could you please watch where you're going?"

Hunk ignores him. "But you never said... and it's not like you would-"

"Would hide that kind of thing? Would leave any attraction to anyone even remotely unsaid, for a second?" Lance can feel his face heating up, which sucks because he can't spare the blood. "Well, I guess something about him just makes me want to pull his pig-tails, or mullet-tail, or whatever."

They pause for a moment while Hunk mulls thoughtfully over the revelation. "You're really into him," Hunk mutters, and wow, Lance's face is on fire. Hunk is killing him.

"Look, read into how you like, Freud, just make sure that if I die Keith knows I totally would've mowed his ass like grass. That way, I can laugh hysterically at his emotionally-constipated expression from the afterlife."

Hunk grunts, like Lance is a four year-old blowing smoke.

"Also," Lance continues, weakly gripping his friend's shoulder and hoping that Hunk doesn't notice how red and dark the fingers are, "I know you did everything you could, Hunk. I'm glad you're here with me."

Hunk sniffles, and Lance wants to say something else, anything, to lighten the mood, but another asteroid pelts their hull from seemingly out of nowhere, and the jarring motion is apparently too much for Lance's wound; he finds himself sailing unwillingly, painfully, into a white powder-y void where thinking and being are impossible. Hunk's shouts reverberate distantly in his ears...

His last thought is that he hopes the guys will be able to find someone else to pilot the blue lion.