
Dick Grayson was in the midst of such a deep sleep that he couldn’t drag himself out of it, no matter how many times the alarm on his phone went off near the bed. The problem is that he was also awake in jerking spikes of attention, like a ship tossed in an ocean storm. Heavy sleep and then the too-loud air conditioner drilling into his head. Then heavy sleep and after, his stupid phone.

He didn’t know if he wanted to wake up. He didn’t think he did.

Then there were strong, rough hands under his arms shoving him forward out of deep sleep into uncomfortable grogginess, and he shoved at the arms.

“Bruce, stop,” he complained, twisting away and into the covers. “Lemme sleep.”

“Sorry, Dickiebird,” Jason Todd’s voice sounded too sharp, too knifelike in his ears. “B’s not here.” The arms didn’t leave, but repositioned themselves under his shoulders. Dick was surprised but also not surprised? He didn’t have the energy to be surprised.

“Jay,” Dick growled, pushing hard enough at the younger man that Jason stumbled and squeezed Dick reflexively to keep from dropping him. Because Dick wasn’t in the bed, he was on his feet but just barely, his arm thrown around Jason’s neck and his feet dragging along the floor while Jason half-carried him, half-hauled him away from the bed.

And when Jason’s arm tightened around his ribs, Dick recoiled with a howl that died off into a whimper.

“Shit,” Jason muttered, moving his arm lower. “Dick, stop fighting me.”

His voice was tight and maybe worried?

Or maybe Dick was still asleep.

He was asleep. It was a heavy sleep and a troubled sleep and a–

Dick’s whole body jerked once against Jason’s grip when the water hit his skin. He was down to his boxers and being forced into a bath that wasn’t freezing but it was cold, too cold, maybe freezing after all and he fought like hell to get up but Jason’s arm was like iron rebar and with an indignant sob Dick gave up.

“Why,” he asked, the smell of wet cigarette filling his nostrils. Jason was tugging off his leather jacket and throwing it out the bathroom now that Dick wasn’t fighting as hard, one hand on Dick’s chest in case he started again. The hard plastic of the tub was frigid against Dick’s back.

“Because Alfred asked me to check on you,” Jason said, adjusting the temperature of the still flowing water. “And it’s a good thing he did. Your bitch-ass is half dead already.”

“Let me go back to bed,” Dick mumbled and in an effort to get away from the chill on his back, his head slipped under.

Jason swore above the tub and a half-second later, Dick’s face was lifted out of the water and he sputtered and coughed. When he blinked up at Jason, it was with a suddenly clear mind. The clarity began to fade again, fast, but not before he was aware that he was shivering violently and that there was obvious worry in Jason’s pale eyes.

“Shiitake mushrooms, hold still. I have to get your fever down.”

Dick was coherent enough to comply with this, though coherency brought awareness of how miserable he felt, how much the side of his chest throbbed, how cold and hot he was all at the same time. The water sounded loud, too loud, and Jason shut it off right as the noise was becoming unbearable.

“I should take you to the hospital,” Jason said, standing and hunting for towels. “But going to the Bludhaven ER is like asking them to just sign the death certificate. It’ll take us an hour to get to Gotham Memorial.”

Dick’s teeth chattered and it took a few attempts to get out his words.

“Antibiotics in,” he stuttered, sitting up out of the water and then slumping back. The air was cold. The water was cold. His chest hurt. There was nowhere to go. “Kitchen.”

“You’re a fricking idiot, you know,” Jason muttered, throwing the towels on the vanity counter. He pulled the drain plug and plunged his arms into the water up to the elbow to hook them under Dick and drag him to the side of the tub, where Dick sat shivering even after Jason wrapped a towel around his shoulders. “God, you’re like a drowned kitten. Have you always been this light?”

Dick remembered standing on a rooftop, looking down at Jason who seemed especially tiny in the Robin costume. Just so, so short and thin, especially standing next to Batman, even after months of Alfred’s cooking.

“You’re smaller than I remember,” Dick had said, teasing. “Did you shrink?”

“Couple years of starving most days’ll do that to you, Dickface,” Jason had answered glibly, earning a warning scowl from Bruce. Dick didn’t know if Jason could read the worry and sorrow behind the mask, the very slight change around Bruce’s eyes that Dick just knew would be there.

“Names,” was all Bruce said. Dick knew he didn’t mean the insult-- it was the fact that it wasn’t their batnames.

“Sorry, Dickwing,” Jason had amended.

“Dick,” Jason said again. “Dick. C’mon.”

Dick blinked and found himself sitting on the floor of the bathroom still wrapped in a towel. Jason was crouching next to him, shaking his shoulders.

“If you do that again, we’re going to the hospital,” he said with a frown, studying Dick’s face.

Dick’s eyes filled with tears. He just wanted to sleep forever. When did Jason get so tall?

“You got big,” he said stupidly, pulling the towel more tightly around himself. “You’re not a kid. Who let you grow up without us?”

“That’s the fever talking,” Jason said gruffly. “Now quit passing out on me. I got you some dry boxers but if I have to help you I’m never gonna let you forget it.”

Dick summoned enough energy to scrub tears away from his eyes and grumble at the younger man. Jason left him on the bathroom floor with the damp towels and the boxers and Dick could hear him rummaging in the kitchen the whole time he was peeling the wet pair off of himself and pulling the dry ones on. It took too much effort, too much focus, and when the band was around his hips he just laid flat on the cold tile and towels and waited with his eyes closed.

“Shit,” Jason said from above him a few moments later.

“Not passed out,” Dick replied without moving.

Jason didn’t answer but it sounded like he sighed.

“Al picked a helluva time to be out of town,” Jason complained, leaning over Dick. “Or you picked a helluva time to have a crisis.”

“What are you doing,” Dick asked, opening his eyes as he shivered.

“Admiring your chiseled abs,” Jason said seriously, his lock of white hair falling into his eyes, his hands propped on his knees as he studied Dick’s chest. “Or looking for weak points. Whatever makes you stay alert.” He pushed his hair out of his eyes. “Fuck, I need a haircut. What did you do to yourself, anyway?”

Dick reached out and Jason clasped his forearm and helped him sit up.

“Does it matter?” Dick asked bitterly, shuddering again. His whole left side was tight and throbbing and when it gave it his attention, he realized how much of his attention it had already been taking.

“Maybe, if there’s a chance of poison. At least your stitches held,” Jason said, pressing his fingers near the sutured wounds. Dick hissed and sucked in air, trying to move away. “Bed first, though. Can you walk?”

“Yes,” Dick said, gritting his teeth as he pushed himself off the floor. He balanced, one hand on the vanity for support, before his knees buckled and Jason caught him.

“Nope,” Jason said, ducking and spinning so Dick was draped on his back. “You’re like a Barbie princess. You don’t know when to quit.”

Despite himself, Dick laughed. Even with his head on Jason’s shoulder as the younger man carried him through the apartment to the bed, he felt dizzy.

“What the hell,” he mumbled, when Jason dumped him none-too-gently onto the bed.

“Have you seen those Barbie movies?” Jason asked. “They’re frickin’ hardcore. I thought if anyone else had watched ‘em, it’d be you.”

Dick let himself sink down into the blankets, his face pressed into the soft and dry pillow.

“No. Did you change the sheets?” he asked incredulously, grunting in protest when Jason flipped the blankets back just as Dick had cocooned himself in them. “Jay, I’m freezing.”

“Do you think Alfred would ever forgive me if I didn’t change the sheets?” Jason asked, sitting on the edge of the bed with a syringe and batting Dick’s hands away from the blanket. “I still can’t believe you haven’t seen the Barbie movies. After all the times I had to listen to you sing Pocahontas songs.”

“Twice,” Dick said, wincing as Jason jabbed a needle in his vein for the IV line. “Two times.”

“Three. That one time from the roof.”

“Oh, yeah,” Dick said faintly. “I’d forgotten about that.”

The bed creaked as Jason stood back up and Dick fumbled around reaching for the blankets, but they missed his grasp when Jason pulled them up instead and tucked them around Dick, the motion quick and gentle despite Jason’s continually coarse and off-handed tone.

“I was thrown,” Dick mumbled, already mostly asleep. “Against some broken pipes.”

“I’ll be back,” Jason said, his voice sounding far away and muffled. “Don’t die while I’m gone.”

“Wait,” Dick said, the word barely a noise in the dryness of his throat. “Wait, Jay, don’t l–”

The door slammed shut.

“–eave.”

Dick Grayson dreamt of falling. Sometimes, he was falling into flame and other times he was falling into ice, but it was always falling.

Every time, right before he hit the ground, he’d wake up with a start and a groan and glance around the empty bedroom and toss in the sweaty sheets and then fall back asleep again.

He didn’t know how long it had been when he woke again and heard someone moving around in the apartment. With a grimace, he untangled the IV line and sat up, dropped his bare feet to the cold floor and staggered to the doorway. He slumped against the frame, his vision spinning, and pressed a hand against his tender side.

Jason was in the kitchen pulling an eight-pack of Gatorade and cans of soup from a paper sack. While Dick watched, Jason put a plastic bag of grapes in the fridge and then pulled one of the sports drinks away from the others.

“The fuck are you doing?” he demanded when he saw Dick standing there. “Get back in bed.”

“You left,” Dick accused, feeling angry and not sure why.

“To get groceries,” Jason shot back. “Like I told you I was going to. Gracious, Dick, I was gone for less than an hour.”

“Hm,” Dick muttered, turning back to the bed. “Seemed longer.”

He sprawled on his stomach across the blankets, feeling too hot and gross to get under them. The IV line trailed out from his arm and up to the hanging bag.

“You’re a big baby,” Jason said, coming into the room with the Gatorade and a straw. “Drink this.”

When Dick made no move to sit up, Jason growled and knelt next to the bed and shoved the straw between Dick’s lips.

“Drink,” he ordered again and Dick did. He hadn’t realized how thirsty he was until half the bottle was already gone. He rolled over onto his side when Jason pulled the cup back.

“Don’t leave again,” Dick said quietly, swallowing. He couldn’t stop trembling, he was so cold, and he was immediately embarrassed that he’d even said anything, like the request had snuck out of him without permission.

“You didn’t get into fear toxin, did you?” Jason asked, putting the Gatorade on the side table and checking the antibiotics drip.

“No,” Dick said, putting his sore but free arm over his face. He braced himself for the harsh teasing Jason was almost certain to unleash. “I’m just…it’s been a hard week. It’s fine. You can go.”

“‘I should have called for backup’ hard or ‘I just don’t know when to cut myself some slack’ hard?” Jason asked, pushing the drink and Dick’s phone back so he could perch on the edge of the bedside table. When Dick looked up, Jason’s expression was serious and grim, not an ounce of mirth in the small lines around his eyes or mouth.

Dick was silent for a long time, holding Jason’s gaze, and then he closed his eyes and pushed his head into the pillow.

“Don’t do that,” Dick ordered hoarsely. “Don’t play the caring big brother.”

Jason’s wrist pressed against his forehead, and then the backs of Jason’s rough, calloused knuckles were on Dick’s neck. Each contact was short and precise.

“Your fever came down some,” Jason said. “And your pulse isn’t as rapid.”

“Jay.”

“You really fucking scared me, Dick,” Jason snapped. When Dick forced his heavy eyelids open to glance up, Jason was sitting on the bedside table again with both hands over his face. “I couldn’t get you to wake up. I almost called Bruce and he’s not even in the country.”

“I’m sorry,” Dick swallowed, his face hot. He was doing this all wrong. This was not how he wanted to reconnect with Jason and it was stupid to have let an infection spread so fast.

“Don’t be sorry,” Jason said fiercely, standing and letting his hands clench into tight fists at his side. “God, you are so much like him sometimes it’s infuriating. You aren’t superhuman. You should have called someone.”

And Dick knew he was right but Dick also remembered going to bed feeling a little sick but not that bad, hardly the worst he’d ever felt, and it wasn’t like he’d planned to get worse so fast but it was also such a shit thing to do, to be so irresponsible and bring it crashing down on someone else’s shoulders and his ribs still felt swollen with acid and now his head was starting to hurt and the next thing he knew there was a lump in his throat and he was blinking back tears.

“I’m sorry,” he said again, because he needed to say something, he had to, and there wasn’t anything else he could think of to say. “I’m sorry.”

Jason growled once, an incoherent noise of frustration, and he left the bedroom.

Dick waited, caught in a sob, for the door to slam shut again, but the sound never came.

It felt like an eternity of silence but it must have only been miserable, aching minutes before Jason came back into the room with the bag of cold grapes. He hesitated on the threshold and then untied and jerked his boots off his feet with one hand, one after the other, as if the very action annoyed him.

Then he sat on the other side of the bed, leaning against the headboard with his legs stretched out on the mattress. Dick winced and shifted as the mattress sagged and dipped under the weight and he stayed on his side, his back to Jason. There was a heavy, exaggerated sigh, and then Jason held a grape out over Dick’s shoulder and tapped his cheek with it.

“Eat.”

Dick took the grape and eased himself over, careful not to jostle his sore chest.

“What are you doing,” he sniffled, chewing the grape.

“Don’t choke,” Jason said sternly. “Or you’ll feel like you have to apologize for that, too, and I might shoot you in the kneecap if you do.”

For a long time, they were quiet-- Jason would hand Dick a grape and Dick would chew and swallow and hold out his hand for another one. He didn’t know if he was hungry or not, but his stomach seemed okay with grapes either way, until it suddenly wasn’t and he pushed against the last grape Jason offered.

Jason popped it in his own mouth instead and leaned over to set the bag down on the floor. When he sat back up, he put a hand on Dick’s head, his fingers buried in hair, and just left it there. He didn’t tousle Dick’s hair or do anything except leave his palm and fingers as a weight against Dick’s scalp.

“I thought coming to Bludhaven would be a fresh start,” Dick said. “But it’s just more of the same. Same drugs, same murders, same rapes, same hate crimes. Just different street names.”

“Gotham doesn’t have a monopoly on evil, Dickie,” Jason answered. “It’s ugly everywhere.”

“I know,” Dick protested, feeling childish. “I know that. I just…I wanted…I don’t know what I wanted. I wanted to find myself. But it’s hard when all I can see is how things are broken. And then it starts to feel like it’s me, like, maybe I’m the problem. Maybe I’m the one that’s broken and that’s why I can’t see anything else.”

“I think everyone is broken,” Jason said casually. “You aren’t special.”

Dick laughed, a choked sound far too close to crying again for his own comfort.

“I’ll stay til you’re feeling better,” Jason said. “But I’m gonna rat you out to Alfred when he gets back.”

Dick let out a tense breath he didn’t know he’d been holding, some of the stress falling off his shoulders. He sagged against the bed, limp, and his head was thick with exhaustion again.

“Go to sleep, Dickface,” Jason said, patting Dick’s head. “Stop fighting it. I’ll be here when you wake up.”

When Dick woke again, it was early morning and Jason was in the kitchen with the smell of coffee and cigarettes drifting across the apartment. He felt a bit steadier on his feet but still weak and aching when he leaned against the doorframe. There was a crumpled blanket at one end of the couch.

“You better not be smoking,” Dick said, rubbing his chin.

Jason turned, a cigarette in the corner of his mouth, and said, “I’m not.”

“Good,” Dick said, as Jason ground the cigarette out on what Dick hoped was an ashtray and not the counter or one of his plates. “I don’t want to lose my security deposit.”

Jason snorted.

“And it’s bad for me?” he prompted.

“Your words, not mine,” Dick said, limping across the room to the couch.

“Another round of antibiotics,” Jason said, pointing a spoon at him from the other room. “And I’ve slaved over this oatmeal and burnt one batch already because your stove is a fricking temperamental piece of shit.”

“Then what?” Dick asked, yawning and gingerly feeling his side. It wasn’t nearly as painful as the day before.

“We start your Barbie movie education,” Jason said.

“You don’t have to give me teasing material just because I’m sick,” Dick said with a tired grin. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been asleep, but he was pretty sure it had been long enough that he shouldn’t still feel tired.

“You can’t tease me about Barbie,” Jason retorted, coming into the room with two mugs of coffee. He was walking quickly, but with eyes on the mugs and his hands held up a little to keep the cups level. “I’m not embarrassed about appreciating true art. You still put a metric ton of sugar in your coffee, right?”

Dick couldn’t remember the last time they’d had coffee together.

It was probably at the manor, before Jason had died.

He nodded mutely and accepted the warm mug.

“Thanks for staying,” he said, glancing over at Jason sitting next to him a moment later, the younger man’s hair sticking up in every direction. He chuckled.

“What?” Jason said defensively. “And of course I stayed. I can think of a dozen people who’d take my head off if I left you alone like that.”

“You mean because you love me, little brother,” Dick said, his heart full and warm.

“Psh,” Jason sputtered into his coffee. “Tolerate, maybe.”

“Close enough,” Dick accepted. He really was feeling better even if he knew he still had recovery time ahead of him. He sipped the sweet, black coffee and then let the mug rest hot and comforting against his palms.

“Dick?” Jason said, sounding pensive and quiet.

“Hm?”

“Don’t do that again.”

“I’ll try not to,” Dick said, deciding in a moment he had an opportunity to keep Jason reeled in. “But come check on me sometimes. I’m too stubborn to ask for it.”

He told himself it was for Jason, anyway.

“Maybe if I’m in town,” Jason shrugged. “I’m not going out of my way for you.”

Dick was comforted, after all, to admit that they were both lying.

Broken?

Maybe.

But reassuring all the same.