Bitty is in Annie’s, bent over his textbooks and wondering, not for the first time, why he decided to take French as a language (oh yes, it’s because so many old recipes are written in French, he’s going abroad there to study food history, can’t wait for the summer; half of fall and then winter semester until he goes, but that doesn’t help him now does it) , when he hears someone clear their throat.

“Excuse me, is this seat taken?”

Oh boy.

Eric doesn’t even bother lifting up his head. “Sorry, not a girl and not interested.” He’s been on hormones for over a year now, but he’s been cursed with a baby face that’ll probably never change even with the fat distribution. It’s… a good thing in certain circumstances, but this is, sadly, not even close to the first time a guy has used a line on him. Sometimes they apologize which in itself sucks (Sorry dude! No homo, right?), but usually they get… upset.

At least they’re in a public place. The most the guy can do is curse him out and then leave.

There is a moment of silence and then, “I uh, I didn’t think you were? It’s just that everywhere else is full.”

Now Eric does look up; he’d come to Annie’s hours ago, and it does indeed look like it’s filled up. He looks at the stranger and immediately has to clamp down on the fluttering in his heart, because tall , tall and broad and handsome and dark-haired and blue-eyed and

“Um!” Bitty squeaks. And even with his deepened voice, it comes out high. “I, y-yeah, you can sit.”

“Thanks.”

He pulls out the seat and then sets his backpack on the floor before bending over to rifle through it. He comes up with a fat textbook, some highlighters and a pen, and a notebook. Bitty doesn’t stare, and tries to go back to his work.

He’s currently working on “aller,” which means to go. And the conjugation of this word honestly makes him want to cry. “Jey vase,” he mutters. “Too vahs. Ee vah. Noose all-ohs. Voose All-eez. Ees vant.” He thinks he hears someone choking, but when he glances up, his table companion is completely concentrated on his work. Bitty goes back to quietly sounding out his vocab. “Jeh vase al-ooh park--why do they keep adding letters that don’t have any sound.”

“Um, actually, English has a lot of words where letters are silent.”

Bitty looks up, startled. “What?”

His table companion shifts. “Um. English. Has a lot of silent letters? Like plough. Or through. Or any word that has ough in it, really.”

Bitty gapes. “I’m… I’m sorry?”

“Also um. It’s pronounced like ‘oh’.”

“It’s--what?” What is going on.

“Au. Like je vais au parc. I go to the park. The au is pronounced like oh.”

“You speak French?” Bitty says dumbly. It’s all he can come up with.

“I grew up speaking it, yeah.” The guy rubs the back of his head. “Do you maybe want some help? Only your pronunciation could use some work.”

Bitty is immediately wary. Random strangers don’t just offer to help him study. Especially handsome ones who are exactly Bitty’s type. “I’m still not a girl,” he says.

“Right. You said that before? I’m not one either. Is that okay?”

And Bitty is only so strong. “Okay, yes, yes, please. French is the worst. Um, no offense.”

The guy’s lips quirk up. “None taken. It really kind of is. I’m Jack by the way.”

“Eric! Eric Bittle.” He doesn’t usually give his nickname out to people he’s just met; it’d been given to him by some of his friends after he started to transition and “stayed itty-bitty.” While they call him it often enough that it stuck and with so much love that he likes it, it’s still personal.  He holds out a hand, because it’s only polite. Jack shakes it. His grip is warm and firm and Bitty is perfectly calm.

“Nice to meet you. You were working on aller, right?”

And lord, Jack actually seems serious about the French thing. Also the word sounds so different when he says it. “Yeah. Ahl-er.”

Jack winces, and Bitty flushes. “That bad, huh?”

“Well… what words do you already know?”

“S'il-vous-plaît, Merci, Bonjour, and Tarte.”

“Tarte?”

“It means pie.”

Jack looks confused. “I know it means pie.”

“Right, of course you do, sorry--”

“No, it’s okay. That’s… that’s a good start?”

Bitty feels his cheeks go even hotter. “And other basics. Colors and stuff. Rooj, blue, vurt, jah-oonee--” Jack is biting his lip and looks like he might actually explode. Bitty stops. “I’m really bad. The pronunciation really gets me. My tongue is made for Southern drawl, not French.”

“Where are you from?”

“Georgia.”

“Ah. Well, why don’t we start with colors then. Just how to pronounce them right. Um. Please.”

Bitty can’t help it, he has to laugh. Jack looks like he’s in physical pain. “If you can put up with me. I’ll make you something for all this, I promise. Do you like pie? I make a mean pie. Apple? Pecan? Seriously, pick a flavor.”

“You can make a pecan pie on campus?”

Bitty freezes. “Sorry, what did you say?”

Jack’s brow furrows. “I asked how you make a pecan pie--”

“No, no stop. Say it again. Pecan.”

“Uh, pecan.”

“ Pecan.”

“Pecan? What--”

“No, no, no, stop, it’s pecan.”

“Bittle,” Jack sighs, “Do you want the French help, or do you want to yell at me about pecan pie.”

Bitty clamps his mouth shut and stares down at his notes. “Um. Yes. Help please. Sorry. And um, I know some guys on the hockey team who live in a house? So they let me use their oven if I provide them with baked goods. I mean, I can use the student kitchens too but--”

“Wait a minute,” Jack says, eyes widening, “You’re Bitty?”

“I… uh…” Bitty doesn’t know what to do.

Jack must sense how uncomfortable Bitty is, because he quickly explains, “I’m captain of the Samwell Hockey Team. The guys have been making a fuss over you since last year, but I never seemed to be home when you were over.”

“You’re Jack Zimmermann?” Bitty squeaks. Because of course, of course that’s who has randomly offered him French help. He’s heard stories about the infamous hockey captain, who works hard and plays harder and has a team that’s fiercely protective of him. Now that he’s actually paying attention instead of blushing down at his notes, he recognizes the face that he’s only ever seen in hockey gear. “I mean, yes, sorry, I--”

“How do you know the guys?” Jack asks, saving Bitty from his stuttering.

“Oh.” That’s easy, at least. “Ransom and Holster run the safewalk campus program. I’ve known them since I was a freshman. They help me out a lot. Once Ransom even walked me all the way to Murder Stop n’ Shop and back, so of course I had to make him a pie, and then I met Johnson, who told me to stick around because of my story arc?”

“Johnson’s like that,” Jack says, sounding fond.

“Right, yeah. Anyway I just sort of… cleaned up the kitchen out of habit and then before you know it I’m meeting Shitty and Lardo and I’m over every week after biology to whip up baked goods. Well, this semester it’s my English class. I’m glad y'all like what I make.”

“What time’s your English class?”

“Um, Tuesdays twelve to three.”

Jack nods. “Don’t know about last year, but that’s why we’ve never run into each other now. I’ve got Nineteenth Century America from two to six, and after I usually grab some food and then head to the rink.”

“Oh. Um. That’s nice.”

“I’m a history major,” Jack says. It sounds like a prompt.

“I’m undecided right now, but I’m thinking of focusing on food history. Somehow.”

“Okay. So… why French?”

So of course Bitty has to explain about his study abroad next summer, and Jack nods and acts like he’s interesting , and then they do get around to working on some actual French, and Jack gently teases him about his pronunciation some more, and before Bitty knows it it’s been another hour.

“I’ve got to get going,” Jack says, checking the time on his phone. “I usually squeeze in some rink time now.”

“Of course,” Bitty says. “Thank you for um, for helping me out. I really appreciate it.”

Jack nods and puts away his stuff and stands, before shifting on his feet. “Do you want to do it again?”

No. There is no possible way that Jack Zimmermann is offering what Bitty thinks he’s offering. “Excuse me?”

Jack clears his throat. “Studying French. Do you want to do it again? I could help you out.”

And Bitty would be incredibly stupid to not take Jack up on his offer. And that’s only partially because Jack is easy on the eyes. “That would be great! Thank you.”

They exchange numbers and make a tentative study time later in the week, and then Jack waves goodbye and heads out, leaving Bitty speechless at his table and staring down at the new contact entry on his phone.

 

-

 

The next time Bitty meets Jack, it is not for studying French.

Basically he has another nightmare about football players trying to… touch him, and is up at five am. Normally he doesn’t go to the rink until six-thirty, but since he’s up he might as well, right? So he heads over, trying not to feel too self-conscious about walking by himself this early in the morning. That’s probably not something he’ll ever get over, that ingrained fear.

When he gets to the rink, he’s surprised to find that the lights are all on--and more than that, there are already people there.

Namely the entire hockey team.

They’re doing suicides, and there is a lot of loud groaning and complaining, and Jack is the leader of the pack. Even from behind the glass, Bitty can see the fierce look of concentration.

Shitty looks over and catches sight of him, just standing there with his skates slung over his shoulder, and he pants out, “Bitty! Fuck man, what’re you doing here? It’s like the ass-crack of dawn. There is no dawn!”

There is a moment of chaos as everyone on the team swivel around on their skates to look at him, some of them skating up to the glass. Bitty flushes and fights the instinct to hide. “Nothing. Y’all keep on doing what you’re doing. I’ll just come back later.”

“Hold up,” and Holster is pulling off his bucket, “You’re the guy who’s got the rink reserved at six-thirty?”

Right, he’s never actually told any of them he skates. It hadn’t come up. “Yes?”

“Guys!” Jack barks. “Back to practice! And you, Bittle,”

Bitty freezes. “Y-yeah?”

“...I guess you can use part of the ice. We don’t need the whole rink.”

“Fuck yeah!” someone cries. “Shorter suicides!”

Jack turns back to the team. “Shorter suicides means you can do more of them, doesn’t it?”

“Aw man, no, what--”

“Let’s go!” He directs the team to part of the rink and moves one of the goals up, leaving roughly a third of the ice free for Bitty to use.

Bitty laces up his skates, trying not to think about the fact that an entire hockey team is on the ice with him. He likes most of the guys, but normally he gets them in smaller doses. Ransom or Holster (or both) walking him to his dorm at midnight. Three or four at a time as they pop in and out of the Haus. And then this year it was also Dex overhearing Bitty trying to coax Betsy to work and coming in to fix her. Chowder, well, being generally enthusiastic. Bitty has learned a lot about the Sharks.

Anyway, the point is that it’s very different from all of them. At once. Being big, and loud, and right there. Bitty is used to performing, used to a crowd, but this feels different.

And--it’s early in the morning. He usually skates by himself. That’s why he reserves private ice time. So he’s just wearing a sports bra. And it’d be nuts to try to skate while wearing a binder, it’s not like he’s all that big anyway but--

But it’s okay. He can do this. He plugs into his music and skates onto the ice. This is fine. He’s fine.

He can’t do it.

His throat locks up as Nicki Manaj raps in his ear, and he skates in a slow circle before turning and trying to skate off the ice before someone notices that he’s leaving. And he feels bad, because they all said hello, and Jack even moved the goal for him but--but--

He unlaces his skates as fast as he can and hurries out of the rink. He’ll just wait til six-thirty, his normal time. He can wait for an hour. It’s fine. He’s fine.

 

-

 

When he finally forces himself back to the rink, very ready to just lose himself in skating and try to get rid of his personal frustration, Jack is still there. His hair is wet, so he’s probably freshly showered and that is absolutely nothing Bitty needs to be thinking about.

“Oh,” Bitty says, and then louder, “Morning.” He fights the urge to cross his arms over his chest, but he does hunch over a little, trying to disguise that part of him. If only wearing binders while exercising wasn’t a terrible idea. “Um. Did you still need the ice?”

Jack shakes his head, frowning. “Was just wondering if you were okay. You, uh, you left.”

“Yeah, I… didn’t want to disturb practice. I didn’t mind waiting til you guys were done.”

“Okay.” Jack looks as though he’s about to say something else, but in the end he just stands, grabbing up a large dufflebag. “I’ll see you later, right? For French.”

Bitty had forgotten that they’d made plans for that afternoon. “Right. Right, yes. French. Okay.”

“I’ll see you around then.”

“Have a… good morning.”

Jack nods and heads out.

Bitty stares after his retreating back until Jack’s out of sight, before bending down to start lacing up his skates.