It’s like a riddle, Killua thinks, these twisting and painful feelings bubbling in his chest, though riddles are surely easier to solve than these feelings are.

It’s not like he wants to figure them out either. Considering the weight they have on him, lead-heavy in his stomach whenever he so much as remembers that Gon chose to be with him (again), it’s certain that things will become more complicated if he ever puts his feelings into words.

Maybe it’d be best, just this once, to leave them alone. Things have changed enough as they have, which…they haven’t, not from an outward sense, considering how Gon is still so Gon and Killua is still “the same as always,” in Gon’s words.

(But there are times when Killua is watching him and Gon is deep in thought, serious like he wasn’t before, and Killua remembers that things have changed, even if it isn’t so obvious in how they act now that they’re together again.)

“Killua, you’re making a weird face again,” Gon tells him, snapping him out of his thoughts, making him blink in surprise as he raises an eyebrow at Gon in question.

“You know?” Gon laughs a bit, smiles, before furrowing his brows and frowning exaggeratedly while pointing at his face. “That serious face you do whenever you’re thinking really hard about something.”

“You notice me too much,” Killua says offhandedly, making what Gon would call to be another weird face as he squints at him, before shifts his gaze back to the path.

“Do I?”

“…huh?”

Killua blinks again, caught off-guard when he turns to the sight of Gon looking intently at him.

“Do I notice you too much, Killua?”

“That’s,” and he pauses, hesitant, trying to be a little more careful because Gon looks so much more serious than he usually does.

They both know that Gon wants a real answer, and Killua isn’t sure if he can give it to him.

(As much as he’d like to say the hates being faced with ‘this’ Gon, he knows that it would be a lie.)

“That’s a dumb question,” he settles for saying, acting blasé as he huffs and turns his head away, marching none too awkwardly (he hopes) ahead of Gon, who snaps out of it as he usually does with a whine of dismay at having his question rebuffed.

“But I was serious!” Gon insists, fists clenched around the straps of his backpack as they travel up the path to Gon’s home.

It’s been months since they last came back, and it’s been months since Killua promised to Alluka that he’d be happy when he left her in Mito-san’s care (and, consequently, in Palm’s as well considering how Mito-san couldn’t protect Alluka on her own); Killua knows that he’s been able to keep his promise- only just as much as he’s sure that he hasn’t.

“You notice the faces I make way too much, okay!” Killua shouts as an answer, prepared for Gon to get in his face in annoyance.

He isn’t prepared for-

“But why shouldn’t I? They’re faces that Killua makes, so what’s wrong with that!” Gon shouts back, frank as ever, not at all embarrassed unlike Killua is.

“Do you ever even think of the things that come out of your mouth, you idiot?!” Killua screeches, flushed face turned away as he hurries his way up the hill to give himself some distance from Gon.

“What does that have to do with this!” Gon yells back, intent on not letting Killua win the argument as he runs after him.

“It has everything to do with it! Don’t-!” Killua’s voice cracks as soon as Gon pulls him to a halt, Gon’s hand so very warm and unwanted around Killua’s wrist as Killua struggles to hide his face from him.

“How does that-” Gon blinks, his hand which had been meaning to hold onto Killua’s shoulder freezing mid-air as he gives an experimental squeeze around Killua’s wrist. “Why is your pulse going so fast, Killua?”

“No it’s not,” Killua says, expression defaulting into a poker face from sheer panic, his movements lightning-quick as he pulls his wrist out of Gon’s grip.

“Hey-!”

“I’m going on ahead because you’re so slow!” Killua says in one breath as he jogs on ahead, taking a moment to look back at Gon and stick his tongue out at him on a childish whim.

Gon makes a face, taking the bait without hesitation. “That’s unfair! You got a head start!”

“Can’t hear you from how far away I am!”

And Killua laughs, both relieved and disappointed for some unspeakable reason as he leaves Gon behind to whine and yell after him.

He’s not prepared to have this riddle solved after all.

 

  

“Well, this sucks.”

“I told you that it would rain,” Gon tells him with a barely hidden smile.

It’s still raining outside when Killua looks again, large droplets pattering on the roof noisily even when he tries not to listen. The usually bright view of Whale Island looks gloomier in this weather, the greens and blues becoming dim and gray as everything is obscured by rain clouds hanging heavy in the sky.

“Yeah, yeah, I thank the fact that your nose is still as weird and useful as ever,” Killua says with a roll of his eyes and a wave of his hand. “Still, I hoped that it wouldn’t. It isn’t as fun to take a walk when it’s raining.”

“You’re just annoyed because of what happened last time.”

“I am not!” Killua snaps, huffing in annoyance when Gon laughs at him. “Anyway, it’s not my fault that your nose wasn’t as useful then.”

“I told you that it would rain, but you said that we should go out anyway!”

“You didn’t say that it was going to be a storm, Gon! I was drenched!”

“Like I wasn’t?!”

“You’re probably used to it already, you-!”

“Boys,” Mito-san interrupts, a firm and forced smile on her face as she peeks into Gon’s room. Killua bites his lip and turns his head away, annoyed but not wanting to start up another argument.

“What is it, Mito-san?” Gon asks, smiling innocently up at her as he shifts away from Killua’s sulking form.

Mito-san’s forced smile becomes a little more real at that, though it’s gone as soon as it came as she sighs in exasperation. “Alluka told me that the two of you were having a moment, but it looks like she misunderstood.”

Killua jolts at the reminder that her sister had passed by the room- her room now, though it’s temporarily his and Gon’s again- and guiltily looks back at Mito-san with an apologetic and hesitant smile. “Sorry?”

“I’m aware that friends fight sometimes, but the two of you,” she trails off, frowning a bit, making both him and Gon bow their heads in embarrassment. “This is a bit too much, isn’t it?”

“Killua’s fun to rile up, so…”

“Fun-?! You!”

“Sorry!”

Gon laughs when Killua tackles him with a pillow, yelping loudly when Killua accidentally elbows his side when they roll on the bed.

“Ow!”

“It’s your fault-”

“You hit me with your elbows!”

“You were the one who said I was fun to rile up!”

“But you look funny when you’re embarrassed- mmph!”

Killua struggles and fails to keep his expression straight as he muffles Gon’s voice with a pillow. To think, this guy was someone he-

“Gon! Killua!”

Killua freezes, his grip on the pillow loosening enough for Gon to push it away easily. He slowly turns his head to look at Mito-san, before flinching when she narrows her eyes at him.

“Dinner is ready,” she says, a little calmer though still as scary as ever as she folds her arms over her chest. “So could the two of you please come down without a fuss?”

“Yes ma’am,” they say with simultaneous nods, waiting for her to smile and walk away before slouching over in defeat with twin sighs of relief.

Killua hops off of the bed as soon as he hears Mito-san’s footsteps reaching the bottom of the stairs. Admittedly, both of the arguments from earlier were childish and unnecessary, and he should’ve known better considering how he’s not twelve anymore- but, but, as whiny as it sounds, he honestly can’t help from getting caught up in Gon’s pace.

Hell, he’s sure that anyone else would agree with him on that.

“I lied,” Gon says without preamble, making Killua pause on his way to the door.

“About what?” Killua asks, curious.

“About your face being funny when you’re embarrassed,” Gon tells him, smiling widely as he slides off the bed and heads for the door.

“I think it’s really cute when you’re embarrassed, actually.”

It’s too late when Killua tries to throw a pillow at him, Gon having run for it as soon as he said those words, probably knowing that Killua would react in the way that he did.

“Shit,” Killua grumbles to himself, picking up the pillow and setting it back on the bed lest Mito-san check on the room and see the mess he’d made.

He’s a little grateful that Gon left before he could see the face Killua made at his confession.

 

 

Gon has always known that a lot of people on Whale Island like to gossip considering how their little island doesn’t get much action, but that doesn’t mean that he’s completely fine with it- with the negative sort of rumours, especially. And yet, for all that he has thought of disliking it, he’s never been able to do anything about it, other than correct what he could of the circulating rumours. It’s not like he could tell everyone to stop and assume that they’ll do what he says, after all. He knows better than that.

Still, the rumours are a bit too difficult to stomach when they’re about his best friend.

“Didn’t you hear? That white-haired boy that Mito-san’s taken in, I hear he’s a Zoldyck.”

“Zoldyck?”

“Oh dear, you haven’t heard?” At this, the old lady lowers her voice, though Gon can (unfortunately enough) still hear her, “They’re a family of assassins. You’d think it’s ridiculous,” she goes on to say before her friend can give a reply, “but it’s true! Go on and ask any of the crewmates on that ship.” She gestures with a wave of her hand to the visiting ship docked on their harbor.

Gon frowns. He knows that she doesn’t know any better, but still. It’s mean to assume things about Killua without ever meeting him in person, isn’t it?

“Well then, I’ll leave you to it. I-”

“-oof!”

Gon blinks. Killua, who he hadn’t even noticed being there, reels back after having the old lady bump into him. It’s…a little too realistic than what Gon is used to, but he knows better than to think that Killua was seriously affected by it. She’s just a harmless lady, after all.

But then, why would he act like that?

“Oh, sorry, young man,” the old lady begins as she turns to face him, before trailing off when she notices that she bumped into the white-haired boy she’d been talking about earlier. “Ah.”

She honestly starts to pale, and Gon almost makes to step in, knowing well enough that Killua doesn’t like being talked about behind his back.

“Nah, I’m sorry for not noticing you there, miss,” Killua smiles, waving off her concern with a pale hand. Gon hesitates, before stopping completely as he crouches down and hides behind a crate of vegetables. Maybe Killua could handle it after all? Killua goes on to say, “I guess I got a bit distracted. The fish here are really weird,” and he looks over to the table of fish being sold, a curious look on his face.

An honestly curious look on his face, oddly enough.

Gon feels a little bit insecure, thinking that maybe Killua has been keeping some secrets. He’d have asked Gon about the creatures in Whale Island if he wanted to know about them, wouldn’t he?

“Oh?” The lady inquires, looking a little more curious than pale now. “You haven’t seen these sort of fish yet?”

“Mm, nope,” he drawls, tilting his head to the right as he squints at one of the larger whiskered fish. “Is it normal for them to be this big?”

“Why, yes! The water around Whale Island is neatly filtered by the sponges underwater, so the fish are always healthy. That’s why they grow that large.”

“Ohh,” Killua nods, regarding the fish with what seemed to be awe. “That’s cool. My best friend-” is it just him, or does Killua actually look proud then? “-said that he caught the Master of the Swamp once. So it’s normal for fish to grow that big?”

“Ah, that’s a special case!” The lady immediately exclaims, looking more relaxed now as she takes up the space beside Killua. She turns to her friend before she can explain anything and says, “I’m so sorry for holding you up, dear. About what we were talking about earlier…”

Her friend gives a little laugh. “Oh, that? I’d say that those were just rumours. It’s Killua, isn’t it?” She asks Killua, who grins and nods to her. “I’ve already met him a couple of days ago,” she tells the old lady.

“Mmhm!” Killua hums, stuffing both of his hands in his pockets as was his habit. “Thanks again for telling me where they sold chocolates, miss.”

“Not a problem, Killua,” she said with a smile. “I’ll be off, then! Can’t keep the kids waiting at home, can I?”

“Definitely not,” the old lady says, waving to her friend in goodbye, before turning to Killua with a smile. “I guess I was wrong about you, huh?”

“Wrong?”

“Oh, it’s nothing,” she laughs and waves a hand in dismissal at her previous statement. “You seem like such a sweet boy.”

“I try,” he says with a grin.

Oh, Gon thinks then, finally realizing just what it is Killua’s up to. No wonder he wasn’t losing his temper on anyone.

Gon watches them until the old lady leaves, at which point he stands up from his hiding place to go ahead and swing an arm around and over Killua’s shoulder.

“You are such a liar, Killua,” Gon teases, laughing when Killua smirks at him while elbowing him gently in the side.

“What can I say? People love me.”

“You’re just doing this for the chocolate, you sneak.”

“It’s not my fault they like kids like me, Gon,” Killua says matter-of-factly.

“Well,” Gon hums, grinning as he squeezes Killua close before letting him go, “I guess this is fine.”

Killua raises an eyebrow. “Really?”

Gon nods and takes a step back, rocking on his heels as he clasps both of his hands behind his back. “I’m happy that the people here like you.”

He laughs when Killua squints at him. “Seriously! People shouldn’t judge you for your last name. You’re really nice, after all. Gentle, overly concer-mmph!”

“Enough!” Killua says, voice unintentionally high-pitched as he keeps Gon’s mouth shut with a hand. “That’s enough, Gon.”

Gon’s eyebrows furrow upward at that and he tries to speak, despite the hand blocking his mouth, “Mm!”

“You,” Killua says, gritting his teeth in between words, “need to learn when to stop.”

“But-!” Gon says as soon as Killua removes his hand, before shutting up when Killua holds up his open palm.

“I’m going to go buy chocolate. You go…do what you want.”

“I’ll come along!” Gon immediately insists, smiling when Killua makes a face at him.

“Tch. Fine,” Killua grumbles while going on ahead of him.

“You can’t always eat chocolate, you know.”

“I’ll do what I want.”

“It’s bad for your health, Killua,” Gon whines, hiding a laugh when Killua squints at him in annoyance.

“Did I let you come along to tell me what to do?”

“You’re not a kid anymore, Ki-llu-a,” Gon enunciates slowly.

“That doesn’t mean that I have to stop eating chocolate.”

“It also means that you need to think more about your health! I’m worried about you, you know.”

“Yeah, well.”

A pause.

Gon cocks his head in confusion. Well what?

“Whatever,” Killua mumbles with his head bowed. “I’m still gonna buy ChocoRobo-kun.”

Gon smiles in amusement at that. He thinks he knows just what sort of expression Killua is wearing right now, though he can’t be completely sure. Killua always hides his face whenever Gon tries to get a good look at him.

He’s probably hiding a smile and trying not to be flustered about it. It’s a cute look on him, and Gon likes it best whenever he’s flustered about something because it means that he’s happy, and he just isn’t used to it.

Gon hopes that Killua will get used to it. He deserves to be happy, after all.

 

  

“Stop that.”

“Mm, no,” Gon mumbles into Killua’s back. He wiggles his feet against Killua’s and laughs when Killua smacks him on the arm in reply. “Meanie.”

“Are you five?” Killua says with a frown, turning around just enough to be able to look at Gon, who doesn’t move from his place one bit. Killua rolls his eyes when Gon squeezes him closer. “I am not your teddy bear, Gon.”

“But you’re so fluffy-looking,” Gon tells him, peeking up at him with just his gaze. He sighs before nuzzling his nose into Killua’s arm, smelling his sweet scent tinged with something new- but not, because Gon is sure he’s smelled this scent before.

It smells like home, he thinks.

“You’re ridiculous,” Killua mumbles, sounding annoyed as he tries to pry Gon’s arms from around his stomach, only to fail when Gon doesn’t budge an inch. “Gon, really?”

“Mmm.”

“Get a teddy bear if you want something to cuddle, you idiot. Don’t make me your substitute.”

“But I want to hug you because you’re you,” Gon tells him, assured that Killua can feel his smile when he keeps his face pressed against Killua’s arm.

“…”

Gon tries to take a peek at Killua’s face, only to fail with a yelp when Killua smacks him in the face with a pillow. “Wh- Killua!”

“Go to sleep,” Killua tells him in a loud voice, having already turned his back to Gon completely before Gon could take a good look at him. No fair, Gon thinks to himself with a pout. Did Killua not like it that much?

He frowns at that. That’s probably not it…right? Killua couldn’t hate being held that much, could he?

“Hey, Killua.”

“What.”

Gon’s frown deepens at the lack of intonation. “Killua,” he tries again, thinking that it’d be better to get an annoyed Killua than an angry Killua. There is a difference from having Killua be embarrassed about something to having him honestly dislike something, and Gon knows the difference.

“What?” Killua says again while turning to look at him. Gon grins in reply and Killua sighs in exasperation. “Did you seriously even have something to say, or do you just like to annoy me?”

“I really like this,” Gon says as he raises his arms from Killua’s waist a bit, referring to his one-sided embrace around Killua as “this.”

“…I can tell,” Killua says after a pause, the corners of his lips twitching a bit as though he were keeping himself from smiling.

Gon relaxes at that. “I like it because it’s you. I mean it.”

“You are such a sap, Gon,” Killua tells him. He looks like he’s trying his hardest not to feel embarrassed from the way he bites his lower lip. “Is that all?”

“Are you happy, Killua?”

“What?” Killua looks surprised at that, his eyebrows furrowing upward in confusion as he shifts in Gon’s embrace. He sighs when he realizes how difficult it is to look at Gon from his position. He turns around, hesitantly so, before awkwardly setting both of his hands close to his chest as he looks at Gon. “What’s that question for?”

“I want to know if you’re happy with this,” with me, Gon doesn’t say, but he thinks Killua gets it when his eyes widen in response. “Are you?”

“Do you really have to ask that sort of thing?”

“Yes.”

Killua stiffens when he notices the seriousness in Gon’s eyes. He forces himself to relax eventually, which Gon can tell from how he rolls his arms to ease the tension in his shoulders.

“Yeah, I am.”

Gon smiles at the answer. “I’m glad.”

“Are you?”

“Am I what?” Gon asks, confused.

Killua sighs loudly. “Are you happy, Gon.”

Gon makes a small noise of understanding at the intoned question. “Yeah, of course! I’m happy that I get to be with Killua.”

“Sap,” Killua says with an affectionate sort of exasperation, before closing his eyes with a yawn. “We should go to sleep. I promised Alluka that I’d hang out with her tomorrow.”

“Can I come too?”

“Are you dumb?” He flicks a finger at Gon’s forehead, earning a whine of pain in response. ”At least let me have some privacy with my sister. You’ve already taken two of my days with her for yourself.”

“Mean,” Gon grumbles at him, not really annoyed as he is pretending to be, because this is just part of their banter as best friends.

The pout on his face eventually makes way for a smile when he realizes that Killua honestly does plan to sleep in his embrace. He’s not even trying to pull away from Gon, after all.

“So fluffy,” Gon says, shifting so that he could nuzzle his face into Killua’s fluffy hair. His arms, which were around Killua’s waist, slide up until his left arm is under Killua’s neck while his other arm is around his upper back. Killua makes a small noise of complaint at the movement but doesn’t push him away. “Your hair smells so nice, Killua,” he murmurs, sleepy and satisfied.

“That’s gross,” Killua says, voice muffled by Gon’s chest as Gon holds him close. “Just go to sleep, Gon.”

“Mm, okay.” He yawns and closes his eyes, licking his lips as he props his chin up on the top of Killua’s head. “Hey, Killua,” he mumbles sleepily after a moment.

“What now?” Killua grumbles, pinching at Gon’s arm and earning a small “ow!” in turn.

“We should thank Palm,” Gon mumbles, pouting as he rubs at his pinched arm.

“I already have.”

“I said we, Killua.”

“Fine,” Killua mumbles grumpily into Gon’s chest, before moving his arms so that they’re both wrapped and squeezing around the middle of Gon’s back. “Go to sleep, Gon. We both have her number, so we’ll thank her for protecting Alluka and Mito-san tomorrow morning.”

“Mm’kay.” Gon smiles. He nuzzles into Killua’s hair one last time, before letting out another yawn and making himself comfy, shifting his legs enough so that they aren’t completely tangled with Killua’s.

“Good night, Killua.”

Feeling timorous, Killua whispers in a soft voice, “…good night, Gon.”

The rhythmic pattering of the rain was not disturbed, nor was the comfortable silence in their room, when Killua spoke.

And so, he slept, relieved and content as he reveled in the warmth his best friend provided.

 

 

 When Killua looks up at the night sky, dark and yet so bright with stars, he wonders if it would be an apt metaphor for what he and Gon were- are, still.

“Onii-chan,” Alluka whispers, feeling more inclined to be quiet in the midst of the night sky and the nigh quiet forest. Killua appreciates the distraction from his thoughts, if only because he doesn’t want to go down that road yet.

“Mm? What is it, Alluka?” Killua murmurs back, following her example as he smiles down at her. She smiles back, perfectly comfortable on his lap even though she’s not as small as she was before.

“I like looking at the stars with you,” she tells him, content as she further wiggles into the warmth of his chest. “It’s nice.”

“I’m glad you like it.”

“You’ve looked at them with Gon too, haven’t you?”

“Yeah, I have,” Killua says, a bit bemused at the non sequitur. “Why do you ask?”

“With the same fire, and the same stars…”

“Mmhmm.”

“I’m glad I get to enjoy the same things as Gon does with onii-chan.”

“A-ah, me too,” Killua mumbles, surprised at her words. Was she jealous? He frowns at the thought. What kind of brother was he to make her feel that way?

“You don’t have to look like that, onii-chan,” Alluka tells him with an amused smile, looking up at him as she pats him on the cheek. “I said that I was glad, didn’t I? You don’t have to worry about anything.”

“I wasn’t worrying…that much,” he adds with a sheepish smile when she pouts at him. “I’m sorry, Alluka.”

“You don’t have to apologize for anything.”

“But-”

“You’re happy, aren’t you?”

Killua frowns at the question, although he nods as an answer. “I am.”

“Then I’m happy too. I’m happy that Gon makes you happy.”

“That doesn’t-”

“Onii-chan,” Alluka says, firm in her tone as she pulls away from his embrace to frown at him. “You don’t have to hide it. I know.”

“Still,” his voice tapers into silence as he lowers his gaze to his lap. He looks up when she cups his cheeks with her hands, her smile so very warm and kind that it makes him wonder what he did to deserve her in his life.

“I make you happy, and Gon does too. You don’t have to choose just one.”

“Don’t I?” He whispers, voice coming out croaky as he lowers his gaze again, only to have it shifted back to Alluka’s face when she forces him to look up.

When he looks into her eyes he remembers blue skies, bright and beautiful and so her, and Killua feels himself succumbing to guilt. The weight that had always been on his shoulders, the sky always feeling so heavy on his back is light now, because of her and Gon by his side.

“Onii-chan,” she says, eyes becoming teary as she looks at him, and Killua feels himself becoming teary-eyed too- the feeling inexplicable and unstoppable as he watches her smile at him. “You don’t have to be alone anymore.”

“Alluka,” he whispers her name, almost like a prayer as he raises both of his shaky hands to clasp them around hers.

“You don’t have to be lonely. You have me and Nanika, and Gon, and Mito-san- you have so many friends now, onii-chan,” she tells him with a sniffle as teardrops trail down her cheeks. “You can be happy. Nanika thinks so too.”

“Does she?” Killua says, laughing as he tastes the salt of his own tears on his lips. Alluka blinks and Nanika is in her place, her eyes void and black but still so full- with concern, love, affection-, and Killua feels all of it being directed at him.

“I like you, Killua,” she tells him, smiling as Killua squeezes her hands in his. “I like it when you’re happy.”

“I like it when you’re happy too, Nanika,” he says, smiling despite how ridiculous he feels because the tears are still there, trickling down his cheeks like the little traitors that they are. He opens his arms to her and she hugs him, happy and content as she nuzzles into his chest like a kitten. “I’m happy that I have you and Alluka.”

She is quiet for a moment except for her small satisfied noises, her eyes closed as she basks in his warmth. Killua laughs softly, petting Nanika’s hair with a gentle hand.

“And Gon.” Alluka is the one who speaks this time, her smile a cheeky one as she looks up at him. “You can’t forget Gon, onii-chan.”

“As if I could,” and he laughs, laughing even more when she laughs with him.

“Did you know? What Gon told me about the rain?”

“What?” He says, sniffling as he wipes away the tears from his eyes and hers.

“He told me that you look sad whenever it rains,” Alluka tells him, her eyes closing as soon as Killua finishes wiping away her tears. “And he didn’t like it. He likes it when it rains, after all.”

“He didn’t tell me that,” he says absently, distracted as he pushes away the strands of black locks falling in Alluka’s face. He didn’t like the rain for good reason (memories of death, of killing at far too young an age, of blood and mistakes), but for Gon to have noticed that…

“He said that he liked it because it made everything a little colder, and it gave him an excuse to cuddle with you,” she adds.

He sputters in surprise at those words and looks down at Alluka, only to choke back a laugh when she grins widely at him. “You-”

“I wasn’t lying,” she tells him with an innocent smile. “I can understand why Gon likes rain. Onii-chan’s hugs are very nice.”

“You’ve been with him too much,” he tells her, the bridge of his nose wrinkling as he makes a face at her. “You shouldn’t tease me like that, Alluka.”

“I think I know why Gon does that a lot, now,” Alluka says instead, smiling when Killua raises an eyebrow at her in question. “Onii-chan is very cute when he gets embarrassed.”

“Okay, that’s it,” he says, grinning as he tickles her by her sides. She shrieks in her laughter as she struggles uselessly against him with her hands pounding weakly on his arms.

“O-Onii-chan! I give up!” She squeaks, panting for breath even as Killua laughs and holds her close. “So mean,” she whines into his chest.

“That’s because you were teasing me,” Killua tells her in a satisfied hum, smiling as he presses a light kiss on the top of her head. “So don’t do that again, okay?”

“Ehh,” she whines louder this time, nuzzling her face into his chest. “That’s even meaner!”

“All’s fair in love and war,” he says with a grin as he pats her on the head.

He’s laughing about it now, but he’s definitely going to have a talk with Gon about being a bad influence on his little sister.

One Gon is enough for him in this lifetime, honestly. He doesn’t think he can handle one more.
