For all intents and purposes, this was home. And he hated it.

Yugi lugged his first of many boxes up the rickety stairs to his new apartment, and sighed. He didn’t hate it. It was a pretty nice place, considering his small budget and reluctance toward moving out of Domino. The building was old enough that the floorboards creaked as he hefted the box in his arms to a more comfortable position, and when he’d gone to check out the place the first time, there had been at least an inch of dust on the floor. The landlord hadn’t mentioned who had rented last – or if it was within the last fifty years – but it had running water, central heating, and was right under what he was willing to pay. No, he didn’t hate this place at all.

He hated what it represented. It was different – it was a change. He had never done well with change. A lot of changes had happened in his life, lately, and none of them good. He was hoping this would be the one to turn his month around.

Yugi reached the top of the stairs and dug for the keys in his pocket, shifting the box to one arm. He grunted as the weight moved, more than he expected, and wished he’d done a better job of labeling his stuff – what was in this thing?

He fumbled the key into the lock and turned it, ready to put the box down before he lost the arm that was carrying it. He swung the door open, took the first step into his new home.

The second step wasn't as triumphant.

His shoe caught on a loose board at the stop of the stairs, trapped under the wood, and sent him careening to the floor, box flung from his arms to tumble halfway through the entrance and sag on the floor. Yugi propped himself up on his elbows and rubbed his aching nose.

So much for turning his month around.

 

 

Surrounded by boxes – more of them unopened than he’d like – Yugi sat on the floor in his new apartment with a boxcutter and stacks and stacks of miscellaneous pieces of furniture, decorations, and general household essentials. He wasn’t looking forward to having to put together all of his furniture again, but at least it disassembled into small enough pieces that he hadn’t needed to buy new ones when he moved.

He sliced open a nearby box labelled “KITCHEN” and reached in to pull out a stack of plates. He sat them in his lap to look at them, smiling wistfully.

They were dinner plates, white with grooved, wave-like edges, and painted with little blue birds, vines, and flowers. It was all accented with gold, a thin circle around the inner rim marked where the designs stopped and where the food should go. He brushed his fingers along the surface. These had been his grandpa’s favorites. Yugi took them after…

Well. After.

He sighed at the plates and set them to the side. Once he cleaned out the cabinets in the kitchen, he’d find them a place to live. Really the whole house needed a deep clean. The dust on the floor had been mostly taken care of, but the counters, drawers, and pretty much anything bolted down? Serious hygiene issues. He found himself wondering, again, how long had it been since someone lived here?

He reached into the “KITCHEN” box once more, and pulled out a set of bowls, glasses stacked inside each other, and… oh, another one of those dinner plates, sitting by itself. It must have gotten tossed around in the ride here, he thought, checking it for scratches. It looked perfectly fine, so he turned to set it on the stack of the other plates—

Only to set it on the floor instead, because the other plates were gone.

Yugi frowned at the single plate in spot where there had once been an entire stack. He… had set them here, right? There wasn’t much space around for them to go. Just to check, he craned his neck around the room, over boxes and unattached chair legs, looking for somewhere they could have gotten accidentally pushed off to or if he’d set something in front of them.

There was a clatter behind him and Yugi turned around to see all his plates. Sitting on the floor innocently. There was only one problem:

He hadn’t put them there.

“O-kay,” he muttered, cold trickling down his spine. “Little weird.”

He shrugged off the creepy feeling. He’d probably just pushed them behind him by accident. Yugi took the plates back and set them in front of him this time, and replaced the orphan plate on top of the stack. Problem solved!

He unpacked the rest of the “KITCHEN” box – chopsticks, smaller plates, smaller bowls, smaller glasses, Why do I have so many small things? – and soon had them all laid out in front of him. None of them moved mysteriously, which was a good sign. A better sign was that he found where he’d put the towels so he could clean out the cabinets.

He snatched a rag out of the box and stepped over the boxes and unmade furniture to the kitchen, splashing the fabric with water at the sink. He opened the first cabinet he saw only to jump back with a gasp as an eye stared back at him.

Not a real one, of course. That would have been weird.

Instead, it was an intricately detailed carving of an eye, attached to some kind of weird golden headband. The band itself was thick, and it widened to a point where the eye carving sat in the center. Two wings stuck out from the sides, like it would be shooting out from the wearer’s temples. It glinted in the light from the kitchen, and the eye seemed to move as Yugi crept back up to the cabinet.

He picked up the golden thing and was surprised at how heavy it was. It couldn’t have been made of real gold, could it? He wiped it with the wet rag and held it up to the light. It shimmered and gleamed, as if it was proud of itself. He brought it back down to eye-level, frowning at it curiously. The eye stared back at him as he surveyed the expert level craftsmanship. It was definitely old, but it didn’t look like it had seen any damage in… ever. There’s no way a regular old headband would be made like this.

This thing isn’t a headband, he decided. It’s a crown.

A loud bang like a gunshot startled Yugi out of his thoughts, the crown (?) dropping out of his hands and tumbling and onto the floor. He hardly noticed as he leapt across the house to open a window and see what in the fuck had made that sound.

He didn’t have to go even that far, because when he stepped back into the living room, he saw the door to the nearest room – the bathroom – open wide, as if it had been slammed against the wall. Yugi laughed nervously, shaking out his hands to keep them from trembling.

“Just the door,” he promised himself. “That’s all.” He glanced at the rag, still in his hand. “Right. Cleaning.” He waddled to kitchen again, heartbeat pounding, even as he tried to soothe it.

When he got back to the open cabinet, he scoffed at himself. What was he, nine years old? So the door had opened, big deal. This apartment was older than dirt, it probably had a loose hinge that had finally snapped. He shook himself free of all nerves, and reached into the open cabinet, brandishing his wet rag confidently.

He’d wiped down half the cabinets, returning to the sink to refresh his rag every so often, and decided that was probably enough space to fit all of his currently unpacked utensils. He turned around and gasped – then cursed to himself.

The golden crown was sitting on the counter, the eye facing him, staring unwaveringly. He rolled his own eyes, tossing the dirty rag in the sink and walking out of the kitchen. Man, he really had to get over himself. It’s just a crown. The person who rented before him was probably an antiques collector or something and left the crown behind when they moved. That’s all.

It took him until he got back to the living room to realize that he’d dropped the crown on the floor, and hadn’t ever picked it back up.

Yugi slowly turned to the kitchen again, plates clutched to his chest. There weren’t very many excuses he could use for that.

 He tiptoed back into the kitchen, almost expecting to see the crown floating in the air by itself. But when he looked to the counter, it was gone. He looked down and saw it on the floor. Right where he had dropped it in the first place. He blinked. Had he just imagined it on the counter?

No, it had definitely been there. And it hadn’t just fallen off the counter – he would have heard it hit the ground. So that means there was either a very quiet and meticulous draft in his kitchen, or there was someone in his house. He swallowed, glancing around nervously.

Yugi didn’t believe in ghosts. It was fun to think about, sure, but he’d never seen any “real” evidence to support the idea. His friend Ryou claimed otherwise, but they’d long since learned to agree to disagree on the subject. Of course, they were both partial to a good scare – his second favorite genre for anything was horror – and they could talk about the coolest ghost stories they’d heard for hours. Still, he had never latched on to the idea of the “soul persisting after death.” It was ridiculous, for a lot of reasons. The idea of a ghost in his house – in anyone’s house – was almost laughable.

But he didn’t have a lot of other ideas to explain this.

“Hello?” he called into the house, hugging his plates closer. “If there’s a ghost in here, I’d really appreciate you not haunting me while I’m moving in.” He felt like a complete idiot, but the hairs on the back of his head were standing straight up with the rest of his cut, so he kept going. “I’m willing to make this arrangement work if you are. We can be like roommates. Or something.”

Complete silence.

Yugi sagged, both with relief and with exasperation. He was twenty-five, acting like some kind of teenage horror movie protagonist. He put the plates on the counter and picked up the crown off the floor. He was going to get rid of this thing. It was creepy and weird and it didn’t even belong to—

An overwhelming sense of dread came over him at the idea of tossing the crown out with the trash. Something crawled up his throat – a scream? A sob? – and tried to work its way past his lips, but couldn’t choke itself out. Unmitigated pressure wrapped around his neck and held him there. Yugi stood there, strangled by his own tongue, unable to breathe, tears pricking at his eyes, hands getting cold and stiff. He dropped the crown.

The millisecond it clattered to the floor, the pressure around his throat released. Yugi collapsed to the ground, gasping for air. The tears at the corners of his eyes spilled over when he blinked.

“Okay!” he choked. “The crown stays. The crown stays.” He said it a few more times to make sure whatever had tried to strangle him to death definitely heard him.

He bit the knuckle on his index finger and coughed out another sob. What the hell was going on?

 

 

Yugi adjusted his button-down in the full body mirror he’d set up in his room. He turned to look at himself from a few different angles. It’s not like this was a super formal event, but he wanted to be a good host. House-warming parties only happened so often, after all. A knock at the door snapped him out of his grooming.

“Just a second!” he called. He smoothed the wrinkles in his shirt and turned to address the empty air of his bedroom. “There are going to be a few people over. I hope you’re okay with that.”

As always, his words were met with complete silence. He shrugged and headed for the door – he’d take silence over a haunting.

Honestly, he felt like an idiot for staying. For continuing to live in a haunted apartment (he still couldn’t believe he was saying that) with a ghost that tried to strangle him on day one. For doing any of what he was doing. But his money was limited and so was his time. Plus, it’s not like he could come up with a reasonable excuse to move out as soon as he’d signed his contract. Not without a sizable chunk of cash, anyway.

Instead of leaving, he attempted to make the arrangement more manageable. He’d been trying to play nice with the ghost, talking to it, trying to make it feel welcome in his home, but the restless spirit didn’t seem to want to play along with him. It hadn’t scrawled “GET OUT” on his walls in blood (yet) but it also hadn’t done much of anything since he’d moved in a week ago. He got the faintest warning every time he touched the crown, the sensation of a hand brushing across the back of his neck, which he’d taken to mean “don’t try anything funny, got it?”

Other than that, the ghost had stayed relatively impartial to the goings-on of Yugi arranging furniture and decorating his new home. Apart from making a few screws disappear, which he suspected was just the ghost fucking with him.

Yugi put a hand on the door handle and took a breath. He only hoped it would stay impartial for his guests.

He opened the door with a bright smile. “Hey! I’m so glad you could make it.”

His childhood friend, Jou, stood on the other side of the threshold, holding a pot of something that smelled delicious. “Of course, Yug’!” he replied. “If I missed this, I’d be the worst best friend ever.”

Yugi stepped aside for the newcomer. “Come on in, please.”

Jou obliged, stepping into the apartment and toeing out of his shoes. He let out a low whistle as he looked around “Man, you really did a nice job with this place.”

“Thanks.”

Closing the door, Yugi stepped back and admired his handiwork. The nice blue furniture really helped liven up the boring white walls, and his floor-to-ceiling bookshelf full of boardgames, video games, puzzles, and other nerdy junk was the most organized it would ever be. He’d set up the living room to be the perfect game-playing room, the TV perfectly visible from every seat, and the coffee table long enough for half a dozen people to sit at comfortably. Perfect for the crowd he would have tonight.

“I’ll be honest,” Jou said, nudging Yugi with an elbow, “when you showed me the pictures of this place, I thought it’d be a dump.”

“The outside is worse than the inside,” he agreed.

“Totally.” Jou looked at him meaningfully. “My hands are burning off, where can I set this down?”

“Oh, right over here.” Yugi led him across the living room to the kitchen, spotlessly wiped down of all dust without a second incident, and indicated the stove. “Any of those burners is fine.”

“Sweet.”

Jou set down the pot and Yugi couldn’t help but pop the lid open and inhale. “Mmm,” he hummed, closing his eyes in bliss. “Ramen.”

“It’s a secret recipe,” Jou bragged.

Yugi closed the pot and gave him a look. “So Shizuka made it?”

“Nope,” he answered, crossing his arms proudly. “She only supervised me this time.”

“Uh-huh.”

“I’m serious!”

“Tell her that her ‘supervision’ paid off.”

Before Jou could think up a comeback, there was another knock at the door. Yugi gave his friend a smug smile as he went to answer the door. It was returned with Jou sticking his tongue out.

This time, Yugi opened the door to two more guests, Anzu and Ryuji, the latter holding a platter of tempura covered in plastic wrap and the former with two two-liter soda bottles.

“Hey, both of you,” he greeted. “So glad you could make it.”

“Happy new home, Yugi,” Anzu said in response.

“Hope you’re ready to party hard,” Ryuji said, making two rock-n-roll symbols against the bottles in his arms.

Yugi laughed and stepped aside to let them in. “Don’t party too hard, I just got this place put together.”

Ryuji walked in like he owned the place, kicking off his shoes and strutting around the living room. "No promises."

Yugi shrugged and shut the door. "Alright, but you're paying the damages."

"Your place looks great," Anzu said, struggling to kick off her shoes with the tray in her hand.

"Here, I'll get that," he insisted, taking the tray from her. He slipped his fingers under the plastic wrap and snatched one of the tempura from the plate. He took advantage of her bending over to untie the laces on her boots to shove most of it in his mouth. Keyword most.

"Thanks, I can—" Anzu gasped as she popped up and saw him chewing with half a fried carrot hanging out of his mouth. She snatched the platter out of his hands. “At least wait until I put it down.”

“S’rry,” he said, through a mouthful of the stolen carrot. “’S good.”

After a fake scolding from Anzu, everyone gathered in the living room with a drink – courtesy of Ryuji – to wait for the remaining guests to arrive, enjoying conversation, and, of course, playing a game of Risk.

“Stop attacking me, Jou,” Ryuji muttered over his red game pieces, plucking the defending dice from the table.

“I’ll stop attacking when you stop pushing my border,” Jou countered, shaking the attack dice in his hands.

“I got Australia, and I want to keep it, thanks.”

“Then get ready for the Jou-Master.”

Yugi snorted so hard his drink almost went up his nose. “Never call yourself that again.”

“You’re just jealous.”

“Just roll,” Ryuji demanded.

Without another word, the opponents released their dice. The plastic skittered across the table, red and white clashing in a battle of tiny model armies on a tiny map of the world. Everyone leaned forward to catch the winning and losing numbers of the dice.

“Four, five—yes!” Ryuji cheered, at the same time that Jou scowled at his lesser numbers, removing two tiny blue game pieces from the map’s representation of Siam, leaving the country defenseless. Red game pieces took over from Indonesia, the winner’s smug smile following them all the way there. “You sure showed me Jou-Master.”

“Shut up.” The loser gestured to Yugi on his right. “Your turn.”

“First thing’s first,” Yugi announced, picking three Risk cards from his hand and passing them to Anzu, “I’d like to get a few extra armies, please.”

“Going big, I see,” she mused.

His mouth turned up in a sly smile. “You’ll see.”

Ryuji put his head in his hands. “We’re all doomed.”

Everyone around the table laughed, but the joke was only funny because it was true. Yugi was notoriously good at strategy games, “notorious,” because all his friends threatened to never play against him again if he won. It was in jest, but there’s always truth to a threat like that.

He surveyed the board, carefully plotting his next move as Anzu dug in the game box for his extra yellow armies. Ryuji was hands-down the weakest player on the board, but he had a lot of hard to reach territories, like Australia and Madagascar – countries with the least access in the game. Yugi’s pieces were mainly in North and South America, with a few in North Africa. He could only get there if he took out Jou in the rest of Africa and most of Asia. That would be a mistake.

Jou was a hard hitter. If he won a battle, he’d go again and again until either he lost or took over the territory he was attacking. A bad strategy for a lot of reasons, but Yugi didn’t have enough troops in either country to risk attacking and win. He looked to Anzu next.

Anzu had been turtling the entire game, building up her defenses around the one continent she controlled, Europe, and making deals with the other players. Yugi, himself, had been a part of one of her treaties – to not invade North America until they’d gotten rid of the mutual Jou-shaped threat in Ukraine. He’d lost his territory in Afghanistan for that one, but it had weakened Jou enough for Anzu to take him out.

Though she didn’t look like it, Anzu was a powerful player. Not powerful in strength, but in cunning. She cut deals, looked innocent, and weaseled her way onto the board so slowly that no one would notice she was the player with the most territories until it was too late. Yugi had made that mistake before – and never again. He’d been keeping an eye on her turtle shell the whole game for exactly that reason.

He could reach her through Greenland, start chipping away at her defenses in Iceland, and hopefully get some bonus armies to work his way through Africa, and then—

“Six armies,” Anzu announced, interrupting his strategizing. “That includes the ones you get from your territories, by the way.” She dropped six yellow troops in front of him.

“Perfect.” Yugi took the troops and distributed them around his territories.

“That’s a lot of troops in Greenland, Yug’,” Jou commented.

“Sure is.”

“Are you attacking this turn?”

“Sure am.” He looked up from the board, satisfied, and shot a beaming smile at Anzu. Her mouth dropped open in betrayal.

“You wouldn’t,” she whispered.

His smile didn’t waver. “Iceland’s nice this time of year, isn’t it?”

Jou and Ryuji very quickly got over their previous battle to look at each other with matching excitement. Anzu, on the other hand, was staring Yugi dead in the eye, swiping the two white defending dice from Ryuji. Yugi picked up three red attacking dice.

“Good luck,” he said, shaking up the dice.

“Same to you,” she replied.

They released their dice to scatter across the table, the plastic rattling on the surface, merrily rolling before coming to a hard stop. They counted up their numbers.

Yugi had a five, a four, and a one.

Anzu had a three and a one.

“I believe I win this round,” he smarmed, as Anzu took away two of her four Iceland armies, Yugi standing strong with six total. He picked up the three attacking dice again. “Another round?”

“Do I have a choice?”

“Not really.”

They rolled again, plastic going flying and landing.

Yugi ended up with a five and a six.

Anzu had a four and a two.

She swiped her last two Iceland territories and Yugi replaced them with four of his own.

“Thanks for that,” he said, preening.

“You’re gonna get it, Mutou,” she promised.

“Well, it’s your turn now.” He leaned forward, and propped his head up on his hands. “Show me what you’ve got.”

Before she could, there was a rapid knock at the door. Yugi jumped up from his seat, with a quick, “Be right back!” Behind him he heard Anzu grumbling about revenge, Jou and Ryuji snickering to themselves.

Yugi pulled the door open to see the remaining two guests on his porch – Honda, holding a grocery bag, and Ryou.

“Sorry we’re late,” Ryou said, holding his hands behind his back sheepishly.

“Yeah, traffic was awful,” Honda agreed.

“Don’t worry about it,” Yugi said, brushing away their concerns with a handwave. “I’m glad you both could make it at all.”

“Even better,” Ryou announced. “Look what I brought.”

Yugi realized that his horror-loving friend hadn’t been holding his hands behind his back because he was embarrassed. He was hiding something. And when he brought it out from behind his back, Yugi’s heart dropped to his feet like a stone.

It was a Ouija board.

He was going to bring a Ouija board into his actually-really-haunted house.

This was how he was going to die.

“Are you going to let us in?” Honda asked, and Yugi realized he’d been standing in stunned silence for more than a little while. “This ice cream is going to be soup if I stand out here any longer.”

“Right, of course,” he said, jumping back from the door, trying not to look panicked. “But seriously, Ryou? You know I don’t believe in that stuff.”

“It’s just for fun,” Ryou countered. “Plus, what better way to make sure your home is really just yours?”

If he hadn’t had several experiences with a roommate he didn’t know he was moving in with, Yugi might have laughed. Now, all he could manage was a smile he hoped didn’t look like a grimace. “Ha, right."

He led his guests back to the Risk table and let everyone greet each other before he announced that since everyone was here, that they should put the game on pause so he could give them all a tour of the place. Thankfully, everyone agreed. Ryou put the Ouija board under the couch for safekeeping, and Yugi was saved from having to worry about it.

There wasn't much of the house to see, but everyone followed him around like fascinated baby ducks, making nice comments like it was a five-story mansion. They had seen the living room and the kitchen, there were only two bathrooms to speak of, a hall with a closet, and, of course, his room.

Yugi was proud of how he'd done up his room. The walls were the same boring white as the rest of the house, but his colored wall stickers and glow in the dark stars really built up the character he was going for. His Duel Monsters card collection was sitting in the glass collector's case, the rarest cards displayed first, next to it was his desk and gaming set-up, and on the bed was his selection of plush toys that he absolutely refused to grow out of. He'd thrown a plush blue carpet on the floor in front of his dresser and the full-body mirror on the door of his closet. And on the wall opposite the bed was a shelf, lined up with his most prized possessions.

"Wow," Jou said, looking up at the shelf. Yugi was sitting on the corner of his bed, looking up at it too. "They really look great, Yug'."

Seven golden artifacts, or rather replica golden artifacts, sat in a row on a long shelf near the ceiling. A puzzle box, an ankh, an eye, a ring, a set of scales, a scepter, and a necklace, all in a row, propped up on stands to show themselves off.

“I can’t believe he let you keep these,” Ryou said.

“Me neither,” Yugi admitted. “Grandpa really wanted me to have them though.”

“He would be really proud of you."

Yugi looked away from the shelf to see Anzu standing at his side, a hand on his shoulder. She was smiling, a little sad.

He nodded, with a sad smile of his own. "Yeah."

The room was silent as everyone meditated on Anzu's words.

It was broken when Honda reached up to the corner of the shelf and said, "Hey, what's this?"

The tallest member of the group pulled down the golden crown that Yugi had thought would be hidden behind the puzzle box, but apparently not. He jumped up from the bed and went over to Honda, trying to find a way to take it from him without looking like a maniac.

"I found it when I was moving in," he said, hands fluttering forward anxiously. "I think it's an antique crown or something."

"Cool," Honda said. He held it up to his face and stared down the center carving. "It's kinda creepy."

Yugi laughed nervously. "Well, you know. Antique."

"Put it on," Ryuji said, coming over from his time inspecting the card collection.

Jou gasped. "That would look so cool."

"Hell yeah," Honda agreed, reaching up to place the crown on his head.

Yugi was not about to let that happen.

His short stature forced him to jump to snatch the crown out of Honda's grip, the unsuspecting friend doing a double take when he found his hand empty.

"What gives?" he asked.

"It's an antique," Yugi explained, mind racing a million miles a second to think up a reasonable excuse. "I don't want it to uh. Break."

"Break?"

"Yeah. It's really old. It's really cool and I'd hate to throw it out." He said that last part a little louder than he needed to, but he wanted to make sure the ghost could hear him.

Honda blinked. "Okay?"

"Is anybody else hungry?" Yugi asked, still a little louder than necessary, but that was because of his nerves. "I'm hungry. Let's eat dinner."

As Jou started announcing how amazing his ramen was, he led them all out of the room in a hungry procession. All except Yugi.

He made sure he was the last one in the room before he pulled out his desk chair to stand on and put the crown back on the shelf.

"Sorry," he whispered. "I know you don't like people touching this thing. I'll try to get them to keep their hands off it."

Surprisingly, he got a response. The ghostly hand that usually brushed across his neck in warning instead passed over his forehead and through his hair like an invisible breeze. He guessed that was the ghost's way of saying thank you.

"You're welcome," he said, smiling a little. "Roomie."

"Yugi?"

He almost fell off the chair, just barely catching his balance as he whipped his head toward the door.

It was Ryou, standing in the threshold of the door. He pointed a thumb over his shoulder. "Don't you want to eat?"

"Right," he breathed. "Just setting the crown back up."

Ryou nodded and turned to leave, but stopped. "Are you alright?"

Yugi hopped down from the chair, nerves bubbling in his chest again. "Alright?" Please don't notice the ghost.

"I meant the Ouija board as a joke, but I understand if it might be in poor taste. After your grandfather and everything." He shuffled his feet.

A pang shot through Yugi. Suddenly, the ghost in his house wasn't the most important thing on his mind.

"It's okay," he said, and he meant it. "I know you didn't mean anything by it. And honestly, Grandpa would have thought it was funny."

They shared a laugh together, cut short by the subject of their humor.

"Well," Ryou said, "I'm hungry."

"Yeah," Yugi agreed. "Me too."

He flicked the lights off as he left the room. A cool breeze followed him out, sending a shiver down his spine.

 

 

"And then Jou was like, 'I can totally take this guy!'"

Yugi took a break from telling the story to laugh, along with everyone else sitting around the coffee table in the living room, bowls of ramen set up around the incomplete game of Risk.

"Remember this guy is like twice his size, which is like four times my size—"

"No way," Jou interrupted, "he was like three times my size."

"And you still thought you could fight him?" Honda asked around a mouthful of noodles.

"I was fifteen and stupid!"

"He got his ass kicked," Yugi added. "He was down in like two hits."

"Oh my God," Anzu said, ostensibly worried, but her laughter told a different story. She nudged Jou. "Were you okay?"

He gave her a bewildered look. "No, I wasn't okay! I was the opposite of okay!"

The table broke out into laughter again, Yugi holding a hand over his mouth to keep from spitting broth everywhere. This story was a crowd favorite for a reason.

"Luckily for us," he continued, "someone had already called the police, and they showed up just as Jou went down—"

"Literally, the last thing I remember from that fight is police sirens."

"—and he ended up having to go to the hospital for stitches, right here." He made a line down one side of his face, from his temple to mid-cheek.

Jou shuddered at the memory. "Worst moment of my life."

"Worse than getting punched?" Ryou asked.

"Definitely."

"How did your Grandpa react, Yugi?" Honda asked.

Yugi blew out his cheeks, locking eyes with Jou knowingly. "I'm surprised he didn't give me stitches."

"That bad?"

"Oh yeah. Worse. I was grounded for like a month."

"Hell," Jou added, "I'm surprised he didn't ground me."

"He would have if he could."

The laughter had died down, replaced with fond smiles and sad eyes. That's how it had been for a while, every time Yugi's grandpa was brought up.

"He was a great guy," Ryuji said, just loud enough for all of them to hear. They all nodded.

"I'd drink to that," Honda agreed.

"Why not a toast?" Ryou suggested

Everyone nodded around the table, lifting their glasses of various contents. They all looked to Yugi to start.

"To Mutou Sugoroku," he began. "Thank you for raising me, for caring for me, and teaching me."

"Thanks for giving me a place to stay, Old Man," Jou added. Yugi smiled at the old nickname.

"Thanks for letting us hang out all the time," Honda said.

"Thanks for being a great man and a better guardian," Anzu said.

"Thanks for being the coolest grandpa I've ever met," Ryuji said.

"Thank you for everything you gave us," Ryou finished.

They all tipped back their glasses. Yugi half-wished his drink was alcoholic, but he hadn't had time to hit the liquor store since moving in. And now with a ghost in the house, he wasn’t sure it was even safe to get drunk.

The rest of the dinner was finished in relative silence, a few conversations here and there, but nothing as explosive as the previous story. A nice quiet meal between friends. When it was over, they all piled their dishes in the kitchen sink – Yugi insisted he’d wash them later – and sat back down in the living room.

“Do we want to finish the game?” Jou asked, indicating the Risk board.

“I’m down,” Ryuji said.

“Sure,” Yugi agreed.

“I don’t know,” Anzu said. “Not everyone can play, that seems kind of unfair.”

“I brought something we all can participate in,” Ryou said, and reached under the couch, pulling out the Ouija board. He held it up for the group with a smile.

Before Yugi could protest, there was a series of “oohs” and nodding, from everyone except Jou. He felt his stomach twist up into knots.

“I’m down,” Ryuji said, smiling devilishly.

Jou jumped up from his seat. “Nope. I’m out, goodbye.”

Honda grabbed him by the arm and yanked him back down. “Come on, don’t be such a scaredy-cat.”

“I don’t mess with ghosts, man.”

“It’ll be fun,” Anzu said. Yugi almost snorted.

“Well, it’s Yugi’s house,” Ryou reminded them.

Five twenty-somethings turned their eager heads toward Yugi – eager except for Jou, anyway. Yugi could almost feel the ghost watching him, the air growing colder where he sat. His mind raced for an excuse.

If he said no, he’d disappoint them, and it would be out of character. He’d always jumped at the chance to do creepy stuff with Ryou. If he said “no,” now it would be weird. He didn’t want to use his grandpa as an excuse, either. That was just bad taste. Any other excuse he could come up with would be lame and shoddy. They’d probably just do it anyway.

But if he said yes he might have to confront the ghost in his house again. What if it hurt him again? What if it hurt his friends? What if he had to come to terms with the fact that this wasn’t some extended hallucination and there was actually a ghost in his house?

“Yugi?” Ryou asked.

Now or never.

He looked around at all the faces of his friends. He remembered that the ghost hadn’t hurt him since the first day, not since he threatened to throw the crown away. He remembered the friendly pat on the head it gave him just that night.

Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad.

“Sure,” he said. “Let’s find ourselves a ghost.”

