Day five of jail: Jotaro wakes up to a freshly brewed cup of coffee, the daily newspaper, and a guitar by his bed. The sum total of his progress trying to get rid of the evil spirit is, apparently, still at a big fat zero. 

 

Of course, being in jail is never conducive to achieving one’s goals, but Jotaro had at least hoped that having a whole lot of time to himself would help him figure out… whatever the hell the evil spirit issue is. He still can’t even catch a proper glimpse of it; he just gets the feeling, sometimes, that it’s hovering right over his shoulder. It feels awful, having someone standing behind him where they could do something and he wouldn’t be able to see or stop it. He spends most of his time lying down or with his back to the wall, now. 

 

The evil spirit hasn’t really hurt him. But it’s acting on his desires. His wants, his impulses, his anger… it keeps twisting them around into something hateful. First, beating those fuckers who attacked him half to death, when all he meant to do was teach a little bit of a lesson. Then constantly hurting and scaring his cell mates whenever Jotaro got irritated. Now this: stealing all kinds of things that Jotaro wishes he had. 

 

Jotaro is pretty certain now that the evil spirit is using his negative emotions as a conduit to act maliciously in this world. Better for him to be in this jail cell until he can get himself back under control, then. No dice though. Would be nice if the evil spirit would bring him some self help books instead of all the occult and superstition books it’s been mocking him with. 

 

He has to hurry up and figure this out, otherwise the next time Mom comes to visit, he might end up accidentally hurting her. And she will come to visit; she cares too much about him to stay away, God knows why. 

 

Would be easier if she didn’t care enough to come close. Then he wouldn’t have to worry at all.

 

At least the police have finally moved his cell mates out of the jail cell he’s in -- he was getting tired of being on high alert, trying to make sure he wouldn’t accidentally hospitalize someone again. 

 

-- 

 

Day six. It’s still boring as hell in here. Jotaro still hasn’t figured anything out. He’s read through four and a half of the books the evil spirit is mocking him with, for lack of anything better to do. It’s all garbage. 

 

He tries napping in the afternoon, but he feels something brushing his hair to the side and he snaps awake. A flash of purple disappears from the corner of his vision. 

 

Well, he’s learned one thing about the evil spirit during his time in jail: it’s purple. Now if only that was actually fucking helpful. Jotaro just wishes it would go away. 

 

-- 

 

Day seven: Jotaro is going to go stir crazy in here. He hates it. 

 

A loud screech screams out behind him. He whirls around. The bars keeping him in this cage have been pulled apart, warped wide enough for him to just… step right through, and walk away. 

 

Fuck. Fucking hell. Jotaro’s foot shifts backward before he catches himself and makes himself stride forward instead. He wraps his hands around the disfigured bars, focuses his will, and pulls. 

 

A foreign strength supplements his, and he slowly bends the bars back into place. 

 

… He knew the evil spirit was strong. Strong enough to catch bullets and beat grown men half to death. Still, this casual strength reminds him again how it could probably all too easily crush someone’s skull in its grip. 

 

Shit. He needs to get ahold of himself, otherwise what will happen next? He has to stay in here. 

 

It speaks volumes of the events of the past few days that the police don’t even ask him about the slightly disfigured bars of the jail when they bring him his next meal; they only give it an uncertain glance, give him an even longer look, and scurry away back out of sight. 

 

Jotaro watches their receding backs and feels profoundly alone. 

 

-- 

 

Day eight: one of the officers, visibly unhappy, passes a message from Mom. “She says there have been some delays, but she’s coming to visit again soon,” he grunts. “Yer mom’s way too good natured for a punk like you.” 

 

Jotaro doesn’t bother lifting his head from where he’s lying on the bed. The officer curses at him. “Shit, you ain’t even gonna try and say anything back?” 

 

He does have one thing he wants to say. “Go away.” 

 

“Hah? That’s all? And after I delivered this message so nicely, too--” 

 

Jotaro lifts his head and glares. “I said. Go away.” 

 

The officer’s jaw snaps shut. He stands there for a moment, and then he beats a hasty retreat. 

 

Jotaro lets out a breath and feels the malevolent aura behind him fade away. And today had been so good, too. Fucking hell. 

 

If only Mom would stay away. Would be better for everyone involved. (If only she was here.) 

 

-- 

 

Day nine: Jotaro drifts awake to the scent of a familiar and comforting perfume. For a moment, he feels content and safe, here at home -- and then he snaps awake, sitting bolt upright. 

 

There’s a familiar blanket draped over him. A pink and yellow floral pattern blanket, the one Mom keeps in her closet, the one she used to always tuck him in with when he got sick. When did it… how… 

 

His fingers tighten around the blanket. A violent emotion wells up in his chest, so intense he feels like he might burst with the effort of holding it in. This fucking evil spirit, just what the fuck does it think it’s doing? Who does it think it is?  

 

Crash. Crunch.  

 

Jotaro clenches his hands tighter to center himself, fighting past the overwhelming feeling bursting in him, and turns around. The guitar, the toy car, the various cups that have amassed over the past few days -- they’ve been smashed onto the ground. 

 

Fuck. Can’t even feel angry in goddamn peace. What the hell is he supposed to do from here? Can he even stay here in this awful jail anymore? Is it even any use? He runs a hand through his hair, grabs his hat from the side table and tugs it down on his head. Calm down. Any more angry or frustrated and the evil spirit will come out again. Calm down. He takes a few deep breaths, clenches his fists again, and forces himself to sit calmly down on the bed and close his eyes. Breathe in, out, in, out… 

 

Who knows how long he does that before he hears footsteps. Some nice dress shoes, judging by the way the heels click on the stone floor. It’s not a bad sound, but his mood steadily plummets as it draws closer, and darkens altogether when it stops in front of his cell. 

 

“Go away,” he says without opening his eyes. “I’m not in the mood.” 

 

“That’s not a very nice way to greet your visitor,” says an unfamiliar voice. 

 

Jotaro twitches and looks up. Standing outside the door is a boy his age, dressed in an immaculate green school uniform, with red hair and long bangs curling around to frame the side of his face. There’s something about the cold way he studies Jotaro that rubs Jotaro the wrong way immediately. 

 

And there’s one more thing. No one visits here without being accompanied by one of the officers, but this kid came here all alone. Something doesn’t feel right. “Who the hell are you?” 

 

The red-haired boy’s expression doesn’t change. “Do you speak so bluntly to everyone you meet? No wonder all the cops outside cursed your name.” 

 

Tch, of course they did. Jotaro hadn’t done anything to try and endear himself to them during his stay here. “If you’re here to try and make me leave, get lost.” 

 

One eyebrow arches elegantly at him. Jotaro feels the immense need to punch his face in. “I see. You chose to stay in here… Well, no accounting for taste, I suppose.” 

 

The need to punch face: increasing. 

 

“But no, that’s not what I came here for.” 

 

“Then what do you want?” 

 

The boy ignores him. “Allow me to first introduce myself.”

 

Jotaro’s veins throb. He already asked this asshole for an introduction, and the bastard had ignored him; the fucker is doing this to piss him off, he’s sure of it. “Who fucking asked?” 

 

“Kakyoin Noriaki,” the other boy says, bowing with a flourish and ignoring Jotaro once again. God he wants to knock his front teeth out. “Seventeen, blood type A, a Leo. I quite enjoy cherries, art philosophy, and taking long walks on the beach...” 

 

This asshole is just asking for a fight. “And?” 

 

“...and today, I shall kill you with my Stand!” 

 

What.

 

Shimmering into existence like a mirage, a green and humanoid thing manifests at Asshole’s side. 

 

What.  

 

The green thing’s legs unravel into long, rope-like tentacles. The limbs coil for a second, then lurch towards Jotaro -- passing straight through the bars. Jotaro leaps to the side but it’s not enough. The tentacles catch him easily, coiling around his torso and arms before starting to choke him out. 

 

What the everloving fuck is going on.  

 

Whatever, figure that out later. Stop strangling first. Jotaro claws at the strands around his neck and tries to pry them away, but there’s so many of them -- where the fuck are they coming from? -- and he’s starting to grow lightheaded. He kicks for purchase, but without any point of contact with the ground, he has no leverage. Shit. At this rate, he’s gonna-- 

 

“Is this really it?” Asshole says, sounding disappointed. “For someone with such fearsome mythos surrounding the family, I thought it would be more… challenging… than this.” 

 

--beat this guy to a goddamn pulp.  

 

Hey, evil spirit. You there? It’s time to make yourself worth all the trouble you’ve put me through.

 

And, as if it had simply been waiting for his call the whole time, the evil spirit bursts out of him, ripping the tentacles holding him to shreds. 

 

Asshole flinches back, fingers bleeding. So he felt that, did he? That’s what you get. Jotaro bares his teeth in what might be a snarl, or maybe a grin. Time to get a little payback. As if it hears his thoughts, the evil spirit surges forward -- but it stops, a scant two meters away from him, too far to reach the other boy. Jotaro can feel it, some strange strain between them, like a leash. The evil spirit can move further away, but if it does, it won’t be good.

 

“It looks like yours is a close-range type,” Asshole observes. “You misjudged your range quite badly, didn’t you…? The advantage is mine.” 

 

The green thing twists its hands, and a jet of green crystals erupts and nails the evil spirit directly in the chest. Jotaro’s vision goes white. His feet lift off the ground, he cracks against the back wall and crumples to the ground, banging his knee in the process. Shit. Shouldn’t have been so careless. 

 

“My Emerald Splash will keep you at bay. If you cannot get close to me, you cannot deal any meaningful damage. And if you cannot get close to me, you will die.” Asshole looks clinically down at him from his fucking high horse. “Scurrying around like a rat trapped in a cage… well. A fitting way for one of my master’s enemies to die, I suppose.” 

 

Emerald Splash… is that the name of the attack? Yeah, Jotaro can’t say the guy’s wrong; between the weird tentacle things and that cannon-like attack, it’ll be a pretty hard combo for Jotaro to beat. But still… 

 

“...Haha.” 

 

“Hm?” 

 

“Haha… hahahahaha--.” 

 

The laugh bubbles up in his chest, wells up before he can suppress it. And he doesn’t want to suppress it this time; he doesn’t. This time, there’s no reason to. After all… the one standing before him has an evil spirit too. 

 

“You know… Kakyoin. I’ve had a really bad week.” 

 

He pulls himself to his feet. Smiling. His evil spirit hovering at his side. 

 

“I’ve been stewing in this awful jail cell this whole time, trying to keep myself nice and well-behaved so nothing would go to pieces. Trying to figure out what to do.” 

 

Kakyoin studies him. “And? Are you sharing some revelation which you are certain will save you? Don’t bother.” 

 

Jotaro ignores him. His evil spirit stomps the ground, and the cement cracks into rubble under its feet. It picks up two fist-sized pieces, hefts it in its hands. “I’ve been trying to hold back so nothing bad would happen… but it’s happening. And I’ve been careful so no one could get hurt… but you aren’t quite hurt. So.” 

 

His evil spirit hurls the two cement pieces towards Kakyoin. Kakyoin and his evil spirit dodge with ease, and the projectiles shatter against the opposite wall. 

 

“You’re trying to kill me, and I have had a very bad week. So the way I see it…” 

 

“You missed,” Kakyoin says. 

 

“...this is the best form of stress relief I could’ve hoped for.” 

 

Jotaro holds up his cigarette lighter and flicks it to life. Kakyoin looks at it uncomprehendingly, before understanding dawns in his eyes. He flings his arm out. “Hierophant Green--!”  

 

The green thing moves towards Jotaro again, but it’s too late. Jotaro grins. His evil spirit flicks the lighter through the bars, right past Kakyoin’s face. 

 

The gas hissing out of the broken gas main in the wall explodes. 

 

--

 

Yeah. This is going to be good.

 

-- 

 

Jotaro’s evil spirit shields him from the majority of the explosion, but he’s still knocked to the ground and coughing up dust at the end of it. As he waits for the dust to clear, he takes a good look at the evil spirit for the first time. 

 

Purple is his first impression. Then the mane of waving black hair, then the golden headband and shoulder pads and accents on its gloves and boots. Though its face is strangely angular, Jotaro feels a dizzying sense of familiarity when he looks at it, as if he’s staring at his own face. Its eyes are the same color as his own. 

 

“I’d say it’s nice to finally meet you, but I’d be lying,” Jotaro says. “Still. You helped me out, so.” 

 

The thank-you gets stuck on the way up. He clears his throat and says instead, “My name. It’s Kujo Jotaro.” 

 

The evil spirit only watches, so Jotaro says, “You got a name too?” 

 

It only looks at him expectantly, as if he should already know the answer. And he feels like he should know, too… Good grief. The weirdness of the last five minutes has already started rotting his brain. He snorts and shakes his head.

 

“Fine. Tell me later. For now we’ve got this asshole to deal with. I don’t know what your deal is, but I know you’re acting on what I want, and I’ve been doing my best to hold you back.” He’s silent for a moment. “Well, not this time. We’re going to town on this guy. Got it?” 

 

Its lips split into a wide, eager grin, something hungry and wild that makes him want to pull away and at the same time is more familiar than his own name. 

 

“Good. I look forward to working with you. Let’s go.” 

 

And for the first time in nine days, Jotaro steps out of his cage.

 

-- 

 

Asshole isn’t there when he steps out. There is, however, a trail of blood leading out the hall. 

 

Jotaro follows it out to the open lobby of the police station, where he is promptly confronted by a slightly bloody police officer asking him what the hell he’s doing. 

 

“Thought it was time I got going,” Jotaro says glibly. 

 

The police officer does not take this very well, which is unreasonable in Jotaro’s opinion since they were making such a big ruckus a few days ago about how he needed to get out of their hair already. Neither apparently, however, do his buddies, because they all try to beat him to death with their batons. 

 

Cons of the experience: Jotaro has accidentally broken some people’s bones again. 

 

Pros: He doesn’t feel too bad about it. He has learned a bit more about his evil spirit’s strength. Also, he has discovered that Kakyoin can possess and puppet around people’s meatsuits. Neat. 

 

Frankly it is quite unfair that Kakyoin can not only turn people into his zombie minions, but he can use their wellbeing as hostages against Jotaro too. To rectify the playing field, Jotaro gets his evil spirit to tear off a bunch of the green thing’s tentacles before pulling them out of the police officers’ bodies. Once un-possessed, they usually faint, which lets Jotaro conveniently pile their bodies to the side and chase after Kakyoin. He’ll worry about calling an ambulance or whatever later. 

 

There’s a scuffle. Jotaro chases Kakyoin to the next floor, and Kakyoin keeps trying to bait him into different traps. However, it turns out that Jotaro’s evil spirit is absurdly strong, and as long as Jotaro keeps a sharp eye out, it can deflect Emerald Splash, it can rip apart the green thing’s tentacles, and -- he’s pretty sure -- defeat the green thing with ease. The only problem is catching the little bastard. 

 

They break through the locked door to the roof of the station. The fire alarm starts going off. “Perhaps I have underestimated you, Kujo Jotaro,” says Kakyoin. 

 

How does he know his name. Jotaro shouldn’t be surprised, actually. Presumably Kakyoin has an actual reason for wanting to kill Jotaro in particular, although Jotaro can’t remember doing anything that warrants murdering lately. Whatever. Who is he to question the opportunity to take out his misplaced aggression when it appears in front of him. “You have been much more fun than I expected.” Fun to chase around, that is. It’s going to feel so good once Jotaro finally starts whaling on him. 

 

Kakyoin’s eyes narrow. “This, however, is where our battle ends. You see… the moment you stepped onto the roof, you fell into my tr--” 

 

Jotaro punches him. 

 

Kakyoin tries to scramble away. “Wait, wh--”

 

Jotaro punches him again. 

 

Kakyoin calls that weird name again -- Hierophant Green? -- and Jotaro feels his evil spirit wrestling with the green thing behind him. He feels the hits it takes, the way its movements are occasionally constricted by its many interweaving tentacles. But it doesn’t matter. It just does not matter, because it can’t stop his evil spirit, it can barely even slow it down, and Jotaro has gotten his hands onto Kakyoin’s coat and he has knocked Kakyoin down and now they are wrestling on the ground all fists and nails and teeth.

 

Kakyoin is stronger than he looks, and slippery like an eel. A fast and light striker, the kind that drives Jotaro crazy whenever he gets into schoolyard brawls. He fights dirty: tearing at Jotaro’s hair, aiming for his crotch, scratching at his eyes. He’s mean and vicious and he goes for the kill.

 

He’s exactly what Jotaro wants.

 

Jotaro’s lips have split into a grin. He can’t help it, not when it feels so good to get his blood pumping again, to finally stop worrying about all these awful problems and come back to something simple. There’s an asshole in front of him that needs some beating and that’s all he has to do. No more complexity, no more bullshit, just this: the impact of each hit to his body and the cracking of his knuckles against another's bones.

 

“What are you smiling about, you bastard?” Kakyoin snarls. He twists Jotaro’s arm around in an attempt to push him to the ground. Jotaro moves with it, rolling over onto Kakyoin in the end. Kakyoin curses and Jotaro laughs, even as Kakyoin jabs him sharply in the side and tries to strangle him with his coat.

 

Someone who can fight back. Someone who can take what he dishes out. Someone with whom he can finally cut loose.

 

“You’re not even taking me seriously!” Kakyoin is shouting, “You could end this any time by just taking out my Stand but you’re not -- don’t fuck with me!” He goes for the crotch again, and Jotaro is forced to block awkwardly with one of his thighs, unbalancing him just enough for Kakyoin to try and push him off again. They wrestle on the ground, Kakyoin still occasionally shouting, Jotaro occasionally coughing up from the force of the blows. And Jotaro thinks, he doesn’t know what Kakyoin is talking about really, but there’s one thing that’s gotten through to him. In between punches and kicks, he manages to pin Kakyoin down one more time. Kakyoin’s chest heaves under him. His eyes are filled with fire. His skin is slick with sweat.

 

“Just what about this,” says Jotaro, “isn’t taking you seriously?”

 

Kakyoin headbutts him in the face. 

 

“I told you don’t fuck with me!” he says, but Jotaro can barely hear him over the buzzing in his brain. His nose hurts. There’s something wet dripping down his face. There’s the taste of copper in his mouth. And Jotaro has been so tired these past few days, strung up tight as a wire and so fucking paranoid that he might break something that can’t be fixed. Twenty four fucking seven walking a tightrope, ever vigilant and holding himself back, can’t have a single misstep, but this is -- this is perfect. This is everything. For the first time in days -- it’s okay. Everything is okay.

 

Kakyoin has stopped talking. He’s giving him a strange look, a dawning one of realization and understanding and just the tiniest hint of horror. Horrified of what, Jotaro doesn’t know, because there’s nothing to be horrified of. Nothing to be scared of. No reason to hold back, not anymore.

 

There’s nothing wrong with hitting something that can hit back. 

 

Jotaro grins. He laughs. He hits Kakyoin. He hits him again. He hits him again. And again, and again, and again and again and again and--

 

--and Kakyoin’s polite and haughty demeanor is coming apart at the seams, tearing down with each blow to his face and gut, with each bloody scratch they leave on each others’ bodies, with every twist and grapple and every scrape against the ground. Kakyoin snarls. He howls. And Jotaro is smiling; he can feel it, that rictus of a thing, he can feel the wild laughter spilling out of him like loose change, he can feel the way something crucial has come tearing down and unhinged and just so slightly wrong inside him. It feels good. It feels so good to cut loose and stop worrying all the time. It feels so, so good to be free, and he wants to keep going, he wants more conflict, he wants more blood, he wants to fight and clash and tear it all apart, he wants more--  

 

Kakyoin coughs and spits blood. His expression is ugly. His red hair is a mess. Jotaro’s heart is pounding, he feels euphoric, he feels so alive with the way Kakyoin is falling apart under his hands. “You’re just a wild beast,” Kakyoin sneers, voice buzzing beyond the roar in Jotaro’s ears. “Nothing but raw power. Do you think your victory against me means anything?”

 

Jotaro laughs wildly. He can’t help it. It’s so funny. “Victory?” Is this victory? The idea makes him want to howl with laughter, it makes him want to go even more insane. Jotaro is here now because he’s finally gone crazy. He’s finally given in to the evil spirit, fallen to the very dark impulses he was trying this whole time to suppress. He is so far down the deep end that there is no saving him. What about that is victory? Isn’t it the funniest fucking thing in the world? 

 

Kakyoin’s expression twists hatefully. “I may have failed my mission for Dio-sama,” he spits, “but you won’t win against him! Dio-sama surely will not let an enemy like you escape alive!” 

 

It bursts out of him before he’s even realized it. Jotaro laughs, and he laughs. His fist pulls back. “Who the fuck is Dio?” 

 

Kakyoin’s eyes widen. His mouth parts; a question forms on his tongue-- 

 

Jotaro’s fist slams down. 

 

-- 

 

It’s quiet.

 

...

 

Huh. 

 

-- 

 

Kakyoin is bloody and unconscious. Jotaro is still on top of him, clutching his coat. The fire alarm is still sounding and the sound of sirens is approaching. 

 

He should get up and go home. He should go back into the jail cell, lock himself in even better this time. He should turn Kakyoin over to the police. He should do literally anything other than what he is about to do. 

 

Kakyoin’s last surprised expression flashes through his head again, and he clenches his hands. 

 

Then he tosses Kakyoin over his shoulder and limps back down to the first floor. Time to get going. 

 

He collects his blanket before he goes. 

 

-- 

 

Jotaro goes to a McDonald’s and orders two large burgers and a cherry-flavored smoothie. 

 

When the person working the cash register hesitantly tells him his total, Jotaro narrows his eyes and stares him down. The worker looks at Jotaro, looks at Kakyoin’s unconscious body, looks at the blood covering them both, and tells him that it will be on the house. 

 

Satisfied, Jotaro props Kakyoin up in one of the booths at the window and sits across from him and waits for him to wake up. 

 

He’s halfway through his burger when Kakyoin groans and opens his eyes. “Wha…”

 

Jotaro noisily slurps the smoothie through the straw. Kakyoin looks over and straightens up. “You--!” 

 

It would be a huge pain if he made a big fuss here, so Jotaro takes the smoothie and sticks the straw in Kakyoin’s mouth. 

 

“It’s cherry,” he says. 

 

Kakyoin stares at him. Jotaro doesn’t change his expression. Kakyoin hesitantly slurps a bit from the straw. 

 

“Don’t just stare at me all day. Take it,” Jotaro says, annoyed. 

 

Kakyoin takes the smoothie. 

 

Jotaro finishes his burger. Then he starts eating the second one. 

 Kakyoin looks at it hungrily. And maybe Kakyoin was trying to kill him like ten minutes ago, but he looks like a really beat up scarecrow right now and it’s sort of pathetic and makes Jotaro feel kinda sorry for him. Jotaro gives him half of the second burger. 

 

Jotaro’s evil spirit sits next to him and methodically turns a paper cup and a few napkins into a work of paper silhouette art. 

 

“...So,” says Kakyoin. 

 

Jotaro takes another bite of his burger. He looks at Kakyoin. 

 

“...Why didn’t you kill me?” 

 

The expression you made at the end, Jotaro thinks. Also, what does Kakyoin think he is, some kind of teenage murder assassin? Jotaro’s an asshole but he’s not a killer. Not yet.

 

“Didn’t feel like it,” is all he says. 

 

“Also, I wanted an explanation,” he adds. 

 

A look of understanding appears on Kakyoin’s face. 

 

“I thought something was strange,” he says thoughtfully. Yeah, no shit, like the fact that they both had evil spirits and they were trying to kill each other? “Was this your first Stand battle?” 

 

“What’s a Stand,” says Jotaro. 

 

Kakyoin stares at Jotaro. Jotaro stares back. “I see,” says Kakyoin. “The case is worse than I thought.” 

 

-- 

 

Kakyoin insists that they’re not evil spirits, they’re Stands. Which is a stupid name in Jotaro’s opinion, but whatever, okay. 

 

Kakyoin also insists that Jotaro is the sworn enemy of some guy named Dio which was why Kakyoin came to kill him, but since Jotaro is new to all this, then he’s quite sure that the misunderstanding can be resolved. Jotaro has no opinion on this because he has never met Dio in his life, although he personally thinks that resolving a misunderstanding with someone who solves his problems via sending 17-year-old assassins is not going to be very easy. 

 

But what the hell, who is Jotaro to talk. He just “solved” his problems by beating the shit out of Kakyoin. And by “solved” he means he’s gone off the deep end and joined forces with his evil spirit, which is bad probably, and means that going home and being around Mom is an even worse idea than it was before. Jotaro went into that jail cell hoping to get rid of the evil spirit and now he’s in cahoots with the evil spirit. That’s like the opposite of progress. 

 

The easy way to solve this would be to stop being in cahoots with the evil spirit, but first of all, beating Kakyoin to a bloody pulp felt really fucking good, and second of all, locking himself away felt really really fucking bad. Jotaro really does not want to go back into the jail cell. It was awful. It was boring. This is probably a sign that his pact with the evil spirit has already swayed him to being even more evil. Or maybe it’s just his latent evil being drawn to the surface or something. If an evil spirit attaches itself to you, you must be pretty evil, right? Granted, Jotaro’s sample size is very small, but Jotaro thinks he has gone a bit crazy if not outright evil, and Kakyoin is definitely super evil. 

 

The point is, Jotaro has made the opposite of progress and he does not want the evil spirit around. As if sensing his thoughts, the evil spirit turns to look at him. Its expression doesn’t change, but its eyes sparkle sadly. Like a puppy. 

 

Damn, it’s good. Jotaro feels bad. He looks away and back at Kakyoin. 

 

“You know a lot about evil spirits?” he says. 

 

“Stands. And yes, I know a good amount. I’ve had mine my whole life.” 

 

Kakyoin must have been really evil to get his evil spirit so young. Jotaro is kind of impressed. “You know how to get rid of them?” 

 

Jotaro’s evil spirit looks at him sadly. Jotaro ignores it. 

 

Kakyoin looks shocked and a little bit offended. “Why would you want to get rid of your Stand? It’s a part of who you are!” 

 

Should’ve expected that answer from someone who’s evil and clearly still has his evil spirit. Jotaro’s disappointed in himself. “Well, you know anyone who knows?” 

 

Kakyoin studies him for a moment, then smiles. 

 

“You know, Jojo, you’re not so bad.” 

 

Who the fuck is he calling Jojo. Also what the hell brought that up?

 

“So I’m sure that Dio-sama would accept you, if we go visit him. I’m sure he can answer all your questions.” 

 

“Dio?” Kakyoin nods and smiles. “As in the one who sent you to kill me?” Kakyoin nods and smiles again. 

 

Is he fucking with him?

 

...Oh, what the hell. This is the best lead he’s had this whole time. If Dio has the answers, great. If Dio doesn’t want to help him, he’ll just beat the answers out of him. And if Dio doesn’t have answers, Jotaro will beat him up anyways because the guy sent an assassin after him and that’s obviously something that any sensible person wouldn’t leave as a loose end. 

 

Jotaro is starting to think that perhaps he solves too many of his problems by beating things up. Maybe that’s why he has an evil spirit. Too much joy in going to town on assholes like the guy in front of him. That, however, is something to think about for another day. There is absolutely no need to reflect on that train of thought at all, nope, no need at all. 

 

“Sure, Kakyoin.” At this point does it even matter? Does it really matter at all. “Take me to your leader.” 

 

Kakyoin perks up. “I’d be delighted to, Jojo. I’m sure Dio-sama will be surprised and delighted as well.” 

 

Oh he’ll be surprised all right when Jotaro clocks him across the jaw. Tactfully, Jotaro keeps that thought to himself. “Yeah, whatever. I’m going to finish eating first.” 

 

They finish their burgers. Jotaro makes Kakyoin put all the recyclable items into the recycling bin and clean up their booth spic’n’span before they leave. Jotaro’s evil spirit presents him with the finished paper cup art piece: a silhouette cutout of Jotaro and the evil spirit smiling and holding hands, with what is presumably Kakyoin’s evil spirit being super dead in the background. The attention to detail is very nice. Jotaro feels a little bit touched. Maybe he should stop being so mean to the evil spirit while it’s here, even if it is evil.

 

He tucks Mom’s blanket under one arm and holds the cup in his hand and strolls out into the street. “So where to, Kakyoin? How much is the taxi fare?” 

 

“Oh, we won’t be taking a taxi. We’ll carjack,” says Kakyoin casually. 

 

Huh? 

 

“Also, we’ll be taking an airplane at some point.”

 

No, wait.

 

“Because Dio-sama is in Egypt.” 

 

What?