"Oh, you're making a face. What's wrong this time?"

"I'm living in a fucking anime."

"Well that sounds rough, buddy. Want a milkshake?"

The boy groaned, but accepted the milkshake with a brooding expression. The ice-cold glass drenched his gloves with condensation, but he didn't quite mind. He set a palm on his chin, musing at the activity in the guild.

 

Enno was dancing on the table, and the adults in the guild were gawking. Macao was pretending he wasn't staring. In the other corner, little Laxus was with Master, trying to not electrocute everyone with his new Dragon Slaying Magic.

 

"What's with the grumpy face, Eir?"

A hand was set on his head, ruffling the white locks around and definitely trying to make a mess. When Eir shoved it away, the offending man just laughed.

"Gildarts," he sneered.

 

He just laughed louder. "Oh, you're so uncute," he said, "look at Laxus. He's a whole ball of sunshine and he's just two years younger. Learn from him."

"I'd be around your age if I added all the years in my past life. I do not need to be cute."

"Sure, kid."

 

 

It's the year X771, and Eir Macmillan is tired. He's only been a Fairy Tail mage for three years (and why exactly he joined in the first place, he's too exhausted to let himself think of it ever again) and everyone just unanimously makes him want to die.

 

Everyone treated him like a kid. He hadn't been treated like a kid since he was eight and in his past life-- ugh, memories-- so he evidently disliked the attention.

People eventually understood his discomfort and began to not smother him with love in all directions, but every once in a while someone would throw him in the air and everyone would be quite literally fighting to hug him.

 

God, to hell with wholesome animes. Isn't this author infamous for unnecessary angst? Where are the tortures and the dead parental figures? Bring it on already!

 

"You know, the world'll be a little rosier if you would just smile a little more," Gildarts said, sitting down beside him and gesturing for a mug of booze.

Curse this world and their cheesy one-liners.

 

"The world is a culmination of particles and elements and whatever the fuck Darwin or whoever thinks up. Colour is some other theory and all in all it's a joke concept. We are all in an illusion and I am hoping I wake up soon."

"Okay, edgelord."

 

 

Eir glared at him. Gildarts stared right back, without heat. Eir slurped on his milkshake, and Gildarts downed his booze in one shot.

The boy kicked himself off the seat, landing on the ground with a clank of his steel-laced boots against the wooden flooring. Pointing a gloved finger at Gildarts, he declared, "you're annoying."

 

And everyone in the vicinity burst into laughter.

 

"Gildarts got told off by a kid!" they guffawed dramatically. Gildarts started yelling about how 'I DID NOT', but it all fell on deaf ears.

 

-

 

"Eir!" Laxus, precious little Laxus, ran over, "look what I can-- oops."

 

The blond touched Eir's arm-- and a wave of electricity coursed through him, eliciting some sort of shriek from the older boy.

After the initial indoor lightning strike, smoke rose from his ears, and his hair stood straight up. His face crumpled into a frown, and Laxus laughed, adorable but entirely unapologetic.

 

"Sorry, I'm not used to it yet! Are you okay?" he had the gall to sound cheeky.

 

Eir set a hand on Laxus' cheek and pulled.

Wakaba sat on the counter beside them, doubling over in laughter. Eir wondered if he should pull that cheek too. Or poke him in the eyes.

 

"It's so fluffy!"

Laxus held out a plastic comb, reaching as high as he could toward Eir's hair so he could smooth it down for him. When that didn't work, because Laxus was a little more than a head shorter than Eir, Gildarts picked up the boy and set him on the bench so he could reach.

 

The minute they were done, Laxus cheered, which set off another wave of lightning. This time it didn't shock anyone, but his hair rose like hackles off his heads. Again.

"Laxus!" Eir roared, and the boy scrambled out of the chair, running off.

 

Everyone was stuck in an endless loop of laughter as Eir chased Laxus around, the latter wailing for his Grandfather as they ran circles around the guild, clambering onto tables and setting off sparks of electricity everywhere.

It was all in good fun, and the audience eventually started taking bets on the victor of the chase.

 

As of now in the guild, the only children were Laxus, and Eir. It made sense that they got along.

 

In a rambunctious, drunkard-ridden area like Fairy Tail, children often stayed away-- but three years ago, a lost Laxus was walked home by a malnourished-looking Eir, and he was never allowed to leave again. The daycare project just grew from there.

Now Laxus was crying.

He sported a big bump on his head, and Enno had him in a hug, soothing him gently.

"There, there," she said, "Eir's a big meanie, right?"

 

"Eir's a big meanie," Laxus sniffled.

Eir huffed. He smoothed down his own hair, tucked his hands into his coat pocket, and looked away with maybe a little guilt in his senses.

 

"It's sure nice having kids around," Makarov sighed contentedly at the sight, "makes things lively without causing too much of a mess."

"And Laxus gets a positive role model?" Macao suggested.

"And Laxus finally gets a positive role model," Makarov agreed.

 

Not that it lasted. The next minute had Eir saying fuck as he kicked a bench into the air. He got grounded after that, because Laxus couldn't stop asking everyone in the guild what 'fuck' was.

 

-

 

Being reincarnated into Fairy Tail of all places was honestly a blessing. If you were to ask anyone what world they would rather be reborn into-- they'd probably say Pokemon, or Fairy Tail, or any world equally as childish and without war.

 

This world was a place of magic and dreams. Peaceful, and filled with good things. The fun things were fun, the sad things were sad. Friends were family, and love was thrown about in hordes, because everyone was kind.

When Eir found himself in this world, he thought it was mockery.

 

He had worked himself to death, literally. Barely eighteen, shouldering the lives of six younger siblings because the orphanage was a useless piece of junk that collapsed in on itself.

Imagine spending your whole life slaving for corporate just so your siblings could have a decent life. Then you wake up, and here, have a peaceful world where it's easy to earn money and adults are all very responsible people with stable jobs!

 

Just thinking of it made Eir slam a fist into the table, teeth gritting sharply and a growl rumbling in his throat. He's worried. None of them back there was old enough to work-- if his pay stops coming in for them...

 

"Eir, bad! No punching holes in things! Gildarts you are being a terrible influence on him!"

"Hm? Yeah, sorry."

 

Eir sighed heavily.

He only vaguely remembered Fairy Tail. Heck if he had time to watch some anime other than when his siblings binged it on TV, but he knew quite a bit based on what they rambled to him.

 

For example, "Laxus is a total asshole but he's actually really cool!"

 

(Eir absolutely did not see it. Does he go through an angsty teenage phase and change personalities after this?)

 

 

But one thing for sure-- is that no matter how frustrated he feels, how anxious he is... this was his new life. This was reincarnation, that dumb plotline of every kid's fantasy.

And as a victim of that accursed loop, Eir just had to learn from it and move on.