Life is movement. What is, was, will be. Ever-moving, ever-changing—yet ever-constant.

Death is much the same.

I.

Yamamoto Keiko has always been a curious child. She hadn't cried unnecessarily, she hadn't been spiteful as some infants were. She hadn't even been jealous of a younger sibling, instead taking Takeshi under her wing without a further word. Yes, she's always been curious, but not outright odd.

Except that sometimes, she is. Sometimes, Tsuyoshi gets the feeling that his daughter is… different.

(Because even little infant Takeshi had sensed something was wrong, and cried for his mother, that night. Keiko hadn't.)

People talk, sometimes. Poor Yamamoto-san, bringing up two children alone. At least Keiko-chan and Takeshi-chan are well-behaved. A bit surprising, really, from children whose father is a—

Tsuyoshi just sometimes feels like taking down his sword where it's been hung on the wall – I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, empty words murmured to an empty shell – and filleting them like fish, like raw meat, like he does so easily with a knife.

But he can't, because he's given up on that life and has cut all ties with it, and now he's just Yamamoto Tsuyoshi, chef and owner of Takesushi. Just the man that runs a sushi shop, and maybe once he'd been glad of that fact. To no longer have his hands drip with years and years of blood, and hang that stained reputation up for the smiles of his children and long-gone wife.

It was worth it, yes, completely, and if given the choice he will do it again, always, but still—

Still, he hears, and sees, and worries.

II.

Yamamoto Keiko may have always been a curious little child, always questioning of the world in ways that are sometimes frightening, but that's nothing new. That's nothing worrisome. She lets the comments roll right over her, moving on with her day of reading and writing and learning again.

Because this isn't her first time living, although it is her first life in this one, as far as she can recall. She knows the one with the name Yamamoto Takeshi will be important. Oh, so important, in the future.

But now, he's just her brother, just her little otouto, the one who will need a normal sister.

She's tried, of course. If only for the sake of her father's odd little frown that quickly quirks into a smile when he catches her looking. If only for the sake of her little brother, she's tried to be normal, act normal, as if nothing were wrong.

Sometimes it works. Sometimes it doesn't. But she'll try, none the less, for Takeshi and Tsuyoshi. For her new family.

(Eeven though she's not supposed to be here, what is she doing here, I don't belong I'm not supposed to exist, I died—)

It's just a matter of whether or not it'll be enough.

(She hopes, prays, that it will be.)

III.

Living with the Yamamotos is sort of like living with an enormous amount of sunlight, blinding the unprepared with cheeriness and its absurd amount of normality.

"Hey, nee-chan, can you help me practice baseball? I wanna try out for the school team next month!"

She ruffles his hair, still in the lighter, fluffy stages of childhood. "Only if you finished your homework and if tou-san lets us go to the park."

Her brother nods vigorously, and after he shows her his completed homework he stares with his wide black eyes toward their father. The man melts, just a bit. It's not that obvious, but his children can tell. "Be back before dinner."

"Yeah, yeah, thanks tou-chan!" Her Takeshi-kun practically drags her out the door. She finds she doesn't mind; not really.

He reminds her of the sibling she'd had before (push down the hurt, see, it's easy, just don't think about it), and her affection and protective nature for this one is no different.

If it means suffering through ball-throwing practice and the shrieks of the children at the park, then so be it. It's good hand-eye coordination, anyway, and her brother certainly likes it better than the other activities that their father had suggested.

The fact of being far more skilled in understanding the nature of things than most would believe aside, Takeshi surprisingly takes well to the traditional good versus evil games, and for that, Keiko is grateful. He laughs easily, puts others at ease with his friendly nature, even at such a young age. It only helps that Takeshi is genuine—one of the few that she has ever encountered in either of her lives who mean what they say, and say what they mean.

It is an incredible blessing to be so, even if it means that her brother is more naïve, slow to understand the reality of things than most. But this is her brother.

She will fight for his right to remain a child, to have a childhood, even while the other mothers at the park look on with pity when they think she isn't looking.

IV.

Takeshi is not stupid. He might be young, but he's not unintelligent.

He knows the other adults give him, can see them out of the corner of his eyes, no matter how much nee-chan tries to block them. He knows that having just the one parent and no other relatives is not normal. He knows that such a thing is rare in peaceful Namimori. He has never seen aunts, or uncles, or cousins, or anything else other than his sister and his father. He has never had them.

But he doesn't mind.

It's hard to put it into words, really. He's the one who feels them, and still, he has trouble. But when he explains to most adults that he doesn't mind having only a father and a sister, because they are his world and they are enough and they should be enough, no matter what the other people say. There's not many that understand that, and if they do, they're scattered few and far between.

(But sometimes he gets the feeling that someone, somewhere, is watching him from the sidelines as if they know what he's feeling, and he turns around and sees no one but a brown-haired boy and that's strange, isn't it, because what would Dame-Tsuna know about fending off people and their unwanted questions?)

V.

She doesn't have that many friends, to be honest. Not like most others in her class, who have entire connections based on their year, lower year, and upper year acquaintances. A combination of being the book-loving first daughter of the local sushi chef and one of the higher-ranked students in class (but never like last time, not the elite upper ranks, no, don't draw attention to yourself) has created a… bubble, of sorts, around her. She does have the occasional lab partner or study-mate, of course, but it's not the same.

Being assigned to work together, or working for the same education-related goal, is not the same as spending time with someone simply because it is something enjoyable.

On the other hand, Takeshi has hoards. Even at his young age he's incredibly skilled at baseball; at playground games he is always the first one to be picked, or the second, if the playing teams have mixed years of children. He is a part of the school baseball team. He is part of almost every single game that he is sucked into whenever they visit a park.

He is a part of a community, and even if she is allowed to drop in on those as an "elder sibling," she never exchanges more than a few words with the other older kids.

She'd tried, though. She honestly had. Keiko never likes making her family worry, but her father certainly has, and had fretted after her to spend some time with the other girls, the ones who have a contact list on their phone a mile long. Even Takeshi, with that keen mind unusual for a ten-year-old, has asked why she spent so much time at home.

(He'd simply shrugged when she'd asked why he was worried about something like that, gave her that smile that said 'silly nee-chan,' and pressed her for answers.)

The only notable 'friends' she has to speak of are Matsuoka Satomi and Takei Eri, and that's enough for her, regardless of what anyone else thinks.

It is.

VI.

Their first meeting had been an accident, and a cliché, if Keiko is to be honest—not enough seats in the elementary school cafeteria, and the three of them had been herded to the same table for lunch one summer day. She still remembers the sunlight streaming through the window and highlighting Satomi's dark brown hair, turning it completely black in the harsh lighting, like hers and Eri's, and the glint of the silver-framed glasses reflected onto the table. Satomi-chan and Eri-chan, back then.

That is another thing that is different; Japanese suffixes. Tricky little things, if one weren't born and raised in Japan with its Japanese mindset and its own Japanese culture and propriety and manners. Keiko makes do.

They'd been ten years old, all of them—birthdays only a month each apart, with Keiko the oldest and Satomi the youngest and Eri hovering in the middle. But that hadn't mattered. It had taken repeated glimpses of each other, and an increasing familiarity only helped along by the table near the wall with the always-open window somehow becoming 'their' table and seeing each other in class, day in, day out, but eventually, that hadn't mattered.

Their meeting might have been a cliché, but that friendship has lasted two years. Keiko tells her two friends things that she doesn't dare tell her father or brother, and Satomi and Eri return the favor as the youngest of three and an only child.

It's… surprisingly normal, around them, and she likes that. It gives her a place (purpose) and friends.

It makes her decision easier, in the long run. Perhaps Takeshi won't understand, or perhaps he will—he always has been perceptive of the things that matter, and to him, his nee-chan does. Whether or not he'll understand the consequences is another thing.

VII.

The ceiling is dark, shadows superimposed on the white paint. The wooden floor is cool beneath her back, even beneath the blankets that attempt to buffer the cold. She can hear two lungs slowly breathing in, out, around her, in the grip of well-deserved sleep.

"What do you want to do when you grow up, Eri-chan?" Knee-length skirt swirling around her legs, Satomi's brown hair glints dark in the noon light as she swings herself around one of the playground's swing set support poles. Around and around and around.

The addressed girl hums in thought, tilting her head back to meet the back of the bench where she sits next to Keiko. "I haven't given it too much thought, really."

"Who does?" Satomi giggles, but her face turns serious just as quickly as it had been amused. She does that sometimes, but it never fails to amaze Keiko how rapidly her friend can change topics. "But still. If you could do anything in the world, what would you do?"

True to form, the only girl in their group with glasses has an answer ready in few minutes. "I'd probably become a lawyer, like my kaa-san. I want to help the people who need it, but can't afford it. What about you, Satomi? What would you be?"

It's like Satomi has been waiting for the question, and maybe she has. "I'd like to be a teacher, or maybe a painter! I like colors and making things with paints, but I like to help people too, like you said, Eri-chan! Just in a different way, I suppose." She smiles, and turns to Keiko.

"What about you, Keiko-chan? What would you want to be?"

The same question haunts her as a twelve-year-old, the same as it had a year ago. Her friends are perceptive; perhaps odd for their age, but they are the youngest of the family with two older siblings to show the way, an only child with more opportunities than most, and the oldest that is far older than she seems. It makes sense to Keiko, and if the other two notice, they don't remark.

(If the neighbors, the adults, the community remarks, then that is their problem, not Keiko, nor her friends'. She will keep it that way.)

What would she want to be? She knows, vaguely, what Takeshi's future will entail. She has already made her decision, long ago, to not partake in it.

The shadows shift, and Keiko makes her choice.

VIII.

"Are you sure?" Satomi asks again, voice anxious and gaze unsure. She is wringing her hands. Her drink lies untouched on the café table, long abandoned for the conversation.

"I am." Keiko is touched by this, she really is. But her friends are not making her decision any easier.

Eri is the one to speak next, ever the logical one. She so often is, in their little group. "Think about it, Keiko. Really think about it. It's not that we don't want you to attend Midori; it's that we don't want you to think you have to because of us. I know that you wanted to go to Namimori to at least keep an eye on Takeshi-kun somewhat." The fact that the glasses-adorned girl even dropped the suffix '-chan' speaks volumes to her, and Keiko blinks in surprise.

Because yes, that is true, and what has she done to deserve friends like this? Keiko isn't exactly sure. "I know. I do understand. And I did want to keep an eye on my brother, but I think he'll do better without the middle school teachers constantly comparing me to him. Kami-sama knows he had a problem with that all throughout the last year; it's not his fault that choosing sports over studying is something the rest of Namimori doesn't understand."

Even if it means that she won't be able to watch over him in Namimori Middle, she thinks it's a worthy price to pay for Takeshi's freedom from her shadow. From Satomi's easing of the tension in her shoulders and Eri's sigh, they see it too.

"Alright. If you're sure you're sure." Satomi finally takes a sip from her lemonade, and Eri does the same with her iced tea. Keiko smiles.

It's nice to have friends that understand, sometimes.

IX.

The swords in the dojo at the back of the shop have always been there—old relics from days long past, with only the plainest (the most useful) hung up near the back wall of the sushi shop as a decoration. Keiko has passed it day in, day out, up and down the stairs for the most of her life.

Its disappearance on her birthday, once so ever-present, takes her by surprise.

Confused, but mostly sure that her father had taken it down for oiling or sharpening or cleaning or something of the sort, she continues up to her room above the shop, steps thudding into an empty home because she's back from school early and Takeshi is at baseball practice and her father had hollered at her and her brother in the morning that he'd be out for a bit when she got back home, he was getting some shopping done.

For what, she doesn't know, but her question is answered by the time that she has finished her math homework and about halfway through her science. Satomi and Eri will be over later, and she needs to finish now in order to have any time for them. "Keiko!" Her father shouts from downstairs, the bell on the door punctuating his call.

When she arrives, he is holding a sheathed blade in his hand, faint sketches of a bamboo tree adorning the otherwise black cover, and she knows that image.

"I know that we'll be having your friends over and cake and opening presents and all that later," he starts in one long breath, black eyes firmly on her. She can't stop staring at the sword, thoughts churning. "But you're turning twelve, and I'd like you to start learning how to stay safe."

I'd like you to learn how to defend yourself, is what he doesn't say, and the words between the lines snaps her out of her daze and sets her attention on him.

His eyes are dark. Had this happened in—in actuality, before she'd been born and altered it?

Keiko doesn't know what to think.

X.

Takeshi's reaction is, in retrospect, something she should have predicted.

"I think you should," he says, eyes wide but resolute. Even in Primary, he knows what she is doing, asking him, and he responds in that innocent, guileless way of his that makes her heart ache. "It's a good idea – why are you so against it, nee-chan?"

She can't answer that question, not without saying things like It was supposed to be yours, not mine, and if I take it, what will you have? without sounding either ungrateful or odd.

And she is grateful, and even if this is Takeshi, her own brother, she doesn't want to worry him by being odd.

Effectively, even without knowing it, Takeshi has her cornered.

(Or maybe even by knowing it, on some level – his eyes, as much as they are the windows to his thoughts and soul, are triumphant when she finally sighs and gives in.)

Keiko can only hope that even with this new oddity – you caused this by being born, you're changing everything, this is not right – this will… not come to pass, no, not the way that the story goes in her head. But perhaps in a way that will leave Takeshi as unhurt as possible.

Tou-san has never said that she needs to learn the Shigure Soen Ryu style, after all