Tsuna wakes up.

Which is bizarre, because the last thing he remembers is dying, a handful of storm flames sinking into his stomach, like a whirlwind of thousands of sharp teeth, biting into his organs. He remembers the pain, excruciating, lingering and absolutely present, always too much and not enough to let him pass out. He remembers Hayato’s frantic voice when they found him, what must have been a day after Volpe left him to die. He remembers the absolute agony of the doctors trying to save him, which finally sent him into blissful unconsciousness—

—except he doesn’t remember any of that. Tsuna’s last memory is of putting his head down on his desk and falling asleep to the sound of the teacher’s droning, thirteen years old and tired of not understanding a word, not of being twenty-two and beloved and dying.

Tsuna is thirteen and listening uncomprehendingly as the teacher lectures, but something inside of him is older and sadder and angrier, and all that person can see is the ruins of the school he sits in. He looks over his classmates, and he knows them, every one, and the list is chilling because he’s never bothered to learn most of their names. But still, something in him is quietly ticking them off—died when they bombed Namimori, died in the ambush that killed Romario, paralyzed below the waist, traitor, died in a hospital after the bombing, both legs amputated, died defusing one of the Namimori bombs, unknown, unknown, dead—with a cold poise that frightens him.

And then he gets to Yamamoto Takeshi, and it’s like being gutted, again.

The sound of Takeshi’s sword slicing through air and flesh is a sour comfort as Tsuna’s Will flares high and he calls his Flame to burn his share of the attack squad to death. This is their fifth fight in the last twenty-four hours, and it’s beginning to wear on both of them. The squads aren’t large, but they are persistent and they tend to have nasty tricks up their sleeves. The last ones carried poisoned knives, and Tsuna’s just glad that he knows how to clean his wounds with Flame. The scars will be ugly, but he’s not dead, so that’s a win.

The last three finally stop screaming, and Tsuna lets the Flame he is holding on them fade, shaking his head to rid himself of the sound. The fire-haze still filling his eyes, Tsuna scans the room. The half-squad he took on is nothing but so much ash, and as he turns to check on his Guardian, Takeshi drive his blade into his last opponent in a flat, vicious thrust through the heart.

“They’re getting a little better, don’t you think?” Takeshi asks, and Tsuna shakes his head.

“Not enough. Even with ambushes and poison, half of them can’t even see the Flame before it destroys them, let alone use it to fight.”

Takeshi shrugs and smiles, flicking blood from Shigure Kintoki and sheathing the blade. His standards about opponents have always been lower than Tsuna’s.

“We’d best get going. Hayato will be worried if we don’t show up soon, and you know how he gets when he worries. Cigarette smoke everywhere.”

Tsuna laughs a little at Takeshi’s priorities and settles his Will back into dormancy. “God forbid,” he says, smiling back.

He’s still smiling when his Intuition howls a warning, and a blade slides out the front of Takeshi’s chest.

His Rain falls.

There’s a heartbeat of time where Tsuna can’t comprehend what happened. Can only stare at Takeshi’s crumpled form, at the blade in his back, at the dying man who put it there.

And then Tsuna’s heart folds in on itself, Will twisting with rage, and he screams .

The whole world lights on fire in response. The assassin has time to shriek, a high, thin sound of utter agony, before they’re nothing but so much ash.

It will not bring Takeshi back, and Tsuna’s wrath flares at the cold truth.

Xanxus is the one who finds him, hours later, Takeshi’s cold hand in his and Shigure Kintoki across his knees. The fires are still burning, Tsuna’s Dying Will still fueling them, and if the flames aren’t spreading, they aren’t dying either. Dying Will Flames will burn the very air if their wielder tells them to. 

Tsuna hasn’t noticed, hasn’t looked away from Takeshi’s face. He doesn’t move, even when Xanxus lays a cautious hand on his shoulder, and his Flames are still not Sky.

“That’s not doing much good, baby capo,” Xanxus says, and his voice is almost kind. “Just lighting up signal fires.”

Tsuna blinks. His voice is cold and even when he replies, “The last squad didn’t even have time to scream. I’m getting better.”

Xanxus’ fingers tighten on his shoulder, almost painful —

Tsuna chokes and gasps as he surfaces from the memory as though from drowning. He can’t help shuddering, trembling at the overwhelming shockragegrief the other Tsuna was filled with. Spreading his hands on the desk, trying to ground himself, it’s startling to see them so small. His hands are not marked by the calluses and small scars that eight years of combat brought, and they tremble faintly from the force of emotion, in a way that the older Tsuna had long since left behind. He taps the shaking fingers of his right hand, the missing weight of the Vongola Gear making him frown, feeling vulnerable. It will be almost two years before he wears it again, if the memories can be trusted, but the lack of it already makes his hands feel unbalanced.

If is an important word though. Who knows if the Vongola even exist? Certainly the early memories match up, between his own and the twenty-something Tsuna, but it wouldn’t shock him at all to find that the eight years of madcap battle are nothing but a dream. Him? Leading anything? Let alone a mafia famiglia as large and powerful as his memories insist the Vongola were? Ridiculous.

He’s Useless-Tsuna, he’s a mess. No one would respect him like the memories say.

Tsuna drums his fingers against the desk, and the expected clack of metal on plastic still does not come. Looking towards the windows, he’s unsurprised to see cloudy skies and weak sunlight, typical weather for early April. Still, the sight makes him sigh a little. Ryohei and Hibari. Never a good combination unless he wanted serious property damage.

“Sawada,” the teacher snaps, and yes, Tsuna is in class isn’t he? The teacher is unmemorable, honestly, but he must have been trying for Tsuna’s attention for some time, given the irritation Tsuna can hear. Still, it’s still much harder than it ought to be to care. He remembers fire and betrayal and destruction, and the way that this school was a charred-out ruin, remembers the screaming, the blood on purple fabric and the way Kyouya’s lips peeled back from his teeth, the way he said run—

“Sawada,” the teacher calls again, and Tsuna finally looks up. The teacher points to the board, and the fairly straightforward equation on it. “Solve this.”

It’s nothing too difficult, honestly. Reborn would have slaughtered him if he couldn’t solve these sorts of problems in his head. The hitman-turned-tutor always did have high standards—

“It’s negative four,” Tsuna says, cutting off his own train of thought, the his-not-his memories of things that have not happened.

The teacher blinks, then stares at Tsuna for a moment.

“Correct, Sawada,” he says after a moment, sounding surprised.

The class erupts into whispers and Tsuna puts his head back down on his desk. Math class can’t help but feel unbearably pathetic, when he compares it to what that other Tsuna dealt with. Teachers who hate him and children who tease him are nothing compared to thousands of lives riding on his every word, or to people who do not hate him at all and still want him dead.

Stretching his neck and back against the stiffness of napping hunched over a desk, Tsuna slouches in his chair and waits out the murmurs. They’ll stop soon enough, he’s not that interesting, just no good.

He goes through day on pure autopilot, his hands doing the work that’s in front of him without too much input from his brain. He’s going to regret it, when he gets the work back covered in red ink and with damning numbers at the top, but every time Tsuna tries to focus, all that fills his mind is blood and death and fire. After the first few times vivid, bloody memories intrude on his attempts to focus, he gives up completely and just lets the day pass him by.

It’s nothing near peaceful, not with the memories unwilling to rest, but so long as he doesn’t focus on anything particularly hard, the images don’t try to overtake his vision, and instead slip past him like ghosts. They whisper the secrets his schoolmates will one day keep, or tell the bloody details of their deaths. Or, the case of Kurokawa Hana, they sing the brilliant song of love and marriage and war.

She lived. Out of all of the people Tsuna has looked at, Kurokawa Hana lived. 

When he looks at Sasagawa Kyoko afterward, wondering if the other-Tsuna ever managed to get to know her, if she survived too, the memories are nothing but a raw ache of sorrow and guilt, vivid images of dark suits and funeral flowers. Tsuna bites his lip against the bitter taste of tears in his throat, and doesn’t look at her again.

He doesn’t really look at anyone, not after another chance look at Yamamoto brings up a memory of a hospital room and a dozen beeping machines.

When the bell rings for lunch, he’s glad. His focus is shattered by a thousand intruding thoughts, and his hands are still shaking. The half hour break from staring at people whose deaths like to play out in full sound and color in his head is welcome.

Slipping out of the classroom is easy, and it only takes a second of indecision in the hallway before he decides that the roof is probably the best place to get some peace. Discounting Kyouya, people don’t usually go there, and the chances of Kyouya being there during lunch, when there are so many ‘crowding herbivores’ to discipline, is low.

Tsuna focuses on the motion of climbing the stairs, on the stretch and burn of muscles that are not yet accustomed to far more difficult exertions. If he pays too much attention to what he’s doing, he starts drifting into the memories of battles that took place at the school—bombs and illusions and poisons—and it’s all too much.

Not paying attention almost bites him in the ass, though, when he reaches the top of the stairs. He almost makes it out the door onto the roof before realizing that it isn’t as empty as expected.

Kyouya—Hibari-san, Tsuna corrects himself, because if he slips the prefect is going to murder him—is sleeping in a patch of fleeting sunlight, the jacket of the disciplinary committee serving him as a pillow. Tsuna has moment to be terrified that he’s going to be heard before he’s stumbling back from the door as the memories crash over him.

Namimori is in ruins, and all Tsuna can think is that Kyouya is going to make him pay through the nose to fix it.

(Kyouya isn’t going to make him pay to fix anything. Tsuna saw the conflagration of violet dim to nothing and he knows what it means but he cannot bring himself to believe it.)

The dust is settling, slowly, and Tsuna can taste cement on his tongue, coating the inside of his mouth. Namimori is supposed to be safe ! something inside him says helplessly, but the bombs and the smoke and the screaming Tsuna can hear on the wind say that it isn’t, that maybe it hasn’t been for some time.

Rescue personnel are moving in behind him, searching for survivors, stabilizing the wreckage. They tried to keep him out, tried to make him put on a mask and a helmet, but Tsuna didn’t have the time , not when the purple flames were rising, rising, rising over the shattered skyline.

The battle took place by Namimori Middle, because of course it did. Because of course the Maschere would tear into everything Kyouya loved, would set their assassins in the place he kept under his absolute protection, the place where the Foundation was born and Kyouya first became one of the Vongola. The Maschere are always careful to be cruel.

Tsuna is frantically trying to shift his Flame to Sun as he stumbles through the bombed-out wreckage. At the very least, it’s a weekend and the school is empty. That is one atrocity he has yet to lay at the feet of the people who are killing his family.

When Tsuna finds his Cloud, it’s abundantly clear that even his best work shifting the Flame is going to do nothing but prolong the inevitable. Kyouya’s lost his jacket somewhere, and his shirt, one of dozens of identical purple button-downs, is torn and stained with enough blood its original color would be difficult to determine if Tsuna didn’t know it like his own heart. He’s sprawled against what was probably once a wall. Now it’s a crumbled ruin, and its highest point would barely reach up to Tsuna’s waist.

Kneeling by Kyouya’s side, Tsuna presses his lips together when his Cloud doesn’t even stir at his proximity. Kyouya should be snapping at him by now--he hates being healed, or looking weak in front of anyone. Blowing out a sharp breath through his nose, Tsuna looks his Guardian over. It’s difficult to see what the worst injuries are, but Tsuna steels himself, grasps all of his shifted Flame, and presses his hands to Kyouya’s chest.

It’s a losing battle, he knows it from the start. The Flames are called in a thousand different directions, and all of them need more than Tsuna can give. That doesn’t matter. That can’t matter. Tsuna steels his heart and bares his teeth at the shadow over Kyouya’s Will.

You can’t have him , Tsuna snarls at that specter of death, and forces his Flames to heal, knitting flesh together, mending bones with brute force, accelerating blood production, filling gaping wounds with proud flesh to stop them from bleeding out. It’s a sloppy, rushed job, but the shadow recedes and Tsuna opens his eyes, thinking, maybe --

Kyouya is looking back at him, looking at him like he’s an idiot. That’s nothing new. His eyes are clear, and his color is better, and that’s all that matters.

“You need to leave,” Kyouya says, voice rough.

Tsuna wants to argue, opens his mouth to argue, but Kyouya just shakes his head, one sharp motion, and Tsuna goes silent at the look in his eyes. “There’s nothing an herbivore can do here.”

The words feel like a hammerblow, like childhood. Kyouya hasn’t called Tsuna an herbivore in years, and Tsuna can’t help rocking back on his heels at the impact it has. Kyouya ignores him, wraps his fingers around the tonfas that rest at his sides, shoves himself to his feet. He doesn’t so much as flinch, not when hastily-patched wounds split open once more, not as broken bones shift and grind against each other.

“Kyouya,” Tsuna says, desperate. He doesn’t know how the sentence would end.

Kyouya doesn’t even look at him, just coughs, deep and rattling, and then spits, blood splattering thick on the floor.

“Run, Tsunayoshi.” Kyouya says, staggering forward a single step. “Run. There’s still work for you to be doing, or all of this will be for nothing .”

His piece said, Kyouya takes another step, this one barely stumbling. The third is almost normal. Tsuna watches, bites his cheek until he can taste copper, and stands up himself. Something grinds and crashes inside the ruined school building, and Kyouya’s violet flame begins to rise once more.

Tsuna turns in the opposite direction and knows that someday soon, someone will place the Cloud ring in his hand, Roll missing and the Vongola Gear stripped away. The Vongola Rings always come home, even when their bearers don’t.

He tries not to feel like a coward for leaving his Guardian behind.

The memory lets go and Tsuna gags on the cement dust and blood he can all but taste, before he stumbles to lean against the wall of the stairwell.

It’s like the memory of Yamamoto, slotting in neatly beside it, and Tsuna can hear them both, can hear both deaths. The visceral knife-into-meat thunk of the blade into Takeshi’s back. The bubbling, rasping sound of Kyouya’s breathing, the hacking coughs that brought up so much blood, the wet sound of that blood striking the ground when Kyouya spat it all out.

Tsuna’s hands are shaking even more than they were before, and he holds them up, staring at them. He can almost see Kyouya’s blood on them, and he knows that it took hours of scrubbing to get it out of the crevices of the Sky Vongola Gear, that it took hours more to get it off of his hands, out from under his nails and in his nailbeds.

Reborn had said he was imagining it, but Tsuna could see it, could smell it, and he’d kept scrubbing, even as the skin became red and raw, and then split so that there was more blood to clean away.

Dimly, Tsuna is aware of sliding along the wall, of wedging himself into a corner until his shoulders ache at the pressure of the walls against them. It’s not something that concerns him, truly. There’s blood on his hands and in his head and he died, in that other-future, he died in too much pain to move but not enough to pass out, died with the agonizing, sickening feeling of his organs being eaten. The flames weren’t just taking him apart they were eating, eating him.

He presses a shaking hand to his side, just below his ribs, and he can almost feel warm blood and the searing pulse of Storm flame that he can’t focus enough to Harmonize with, to neutralize. His breath quickens, and soon it is as heavy and labored as it was when the other him was dying.

Was dying? Is dying? Maybe these few hours, a single, peaceful day at Namimori Middle, before Reborn or the mafia or Flames, are nothing but a delusion, a hallucination, an illusion woven to make his last hours alive less painful. That would make sense. He can feel the wound now, a gaping mouth vomiting blood and Flame under his hands, as surely mortal as if Volpe had put a knife through his throat but crueler, because Hayato was—is?—trying to save him and isn’t going to be able to.

Tsuna’s hands are shaking, pressed against his side. He’s going to die. He’s going to die , and he spent all those years being scared of bullies and dogs and bad grades on math tests, he’s twenty-two (he’s thirteen) and he doesn’t want to die .

“Breathe, herbivore,” a cold, familiar voice says, and there is a hand on his shoulder that does not belong to his memories of rough cement floors and blinding hospital lights and dazed, animal pain.

Tsuna’s panic skips and shatters at the intrusion, and Tsuna breathes, choking. After a moment his eyes flutter open—he doesn’t remember shutting them, strangely enough—to see black cloth and a plain stairwell, not hospital white or bloodstained cement.

An illusion is only real so long as you believe in it, Mukuro said once, sprawled across Tsuna’s bed, sketching something into existence in midair, something strange and fey. But, so long as you do believe, it has the power to hurt you.

Tsuna takes a shuddering breath, and another, bracing himself, and removes his hands from where they are clamped over his side. There is no corresponding gush of blood, and when Tsuna looks down, all he sees is the white of his shirt. There is no fist-sized hole opening his abdomen.

He is not dying.

The breath leaves him in a shuddering rush, and he leans back more fully against the wall of the stairway, not quite sure his legs are going to support him. He’s okay. He’s thirteen years old, he’s in Namimori Middle School, and he’s not in the middle of fighting for his life. He’s wearing his school uniform, not a bloodstained suit, and the hand on his shoulder does not belong to an assassin.

Which rather begs the question of whom it does belong to.

Tsuna has his suspicions about that. Looking up, he’s not exactly surprised to find himself meeting Kyouya Hibari’s grey eyes.