“We deserve some time off,” Someone declares in the collectively exhausted wake of the Quincy War, and that’s how it starts.

“A party?”  Ichigo repeats blankly sometime later when she and Rukia are taking a break from the cleanup.  “What for?”

“For winning the war and forging an alliance with a long-time enemy,” Rukia explains matter-of-factly before grinning ruefully.  “Mostly, I think it’s just an excuse for everyone to get a chance to relax and have fun after everything that’s happened the past few years.  We haven’t had so much back-to-back trouble since… for as long as I can remember actually.”

Ichigo makes a face at the teasing smirk Rukia sends her way.  “Well, if I’m going, just remember that Ishida is going to be there too.  It wouldn’t be fair to leave him out.”

Rukia nods agreeably enough.  “Most people won’t mind; everybody knows that he’s one of yours so he’ll pretty much be expected to make an appearance, Quincy or not.  But the most important thing is that you’ll have to be there, obviously.  Hero of Soul Society and all.”

She giggles when Ichigo elbows her and pulls a revolted expression.  “Ugh, don’t even mention that.  It wasn’t like I defeated some bad guys singlehandedly or something, you know.  Everybody pitched in.  People died.”  Ichigo’s eyes darken.  “We just finished holding the funerals yesterday.”

Rukia bites her lip before leaning sideways into Ichigo.  “I know.  And maybe that’s why people want to throw a party too.  To celebrate the people who didn’t die.”

Ichigo sighs but nods in the end.  “Yeah, I guess.”  She looks out at the destruction that was wrought throughout all of Seireitei during the war.  “Might be good for raising morale at the very least.  What kind of party will it be anyway?”

“Casual,” Rukia informs her decidedly.  “The Shinigami will have their Zanpakutou probably, but they won’t be in uniform, if only to make the civilians feel more comfortable.”  She grins, quite suddenly, eyes lighting up with something devious.  “Hey Ichigo, you should come as a girl.”

Ichigo almost chokes on air.  “A- What?  Why?”

Rukia shrugs.  “For people’s reactions when they faint with shock?”  Ichigo gives her an unimpressed look.  Rukia tries again.  “Well, you’re a girl, Ichigo, and if you want to dress like one, you should.  This is the perfect time to dress up any way you like, and you’ll even get to pick out traditional Japanese dress!”

 Ichigo draws herself up indignantly.  “Who says I’d want to do that?”

Rukia gives her a don’t-be-stupid look.  “I’ve been shopping with you, Ichigo.  I’ve noticed what you like but never buy.”

“I like jeans and a shirt too!”  Ichigo rallies defensively.

“Yes, because you can be a bit of a tomboy,” Rukia acknowledges before her expression sours.  “But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t wear girl clothes whenever you want as well just because of that lunatic father of yours.”

Ichigo has to snort at that.  Rukia is only ever so openly hostile to people she really doesn’t like, and as Ichigo’s best friend, it’s rather nice to have the shorter Shinigami take her side.

“Goat-face will be there,” Ichigo ends up grumbling.

Rukia rolls her eyes.  “What has that got to do with anything?  You’ll be the guest of honour, not him.  If he has a problem, then he can go home!”

Ichigo barks out a laugh.  “You know, Kuukaku mentioned that the Shibas and Kuchikis have never gotten along and will never get along for the rest of our days.”

“Well, I’m not really a Kuchiki when it comes down to it,” Rukia points out.  “And you’re a Kurosaki, not a Shiba; there’s a difference, I think.  And even if we were our respective clans, we’ve proven all our ancestors wrong, haven’t we?”

Ichigo smirks rather smugly at this.  “Yeah, I’m pretty sure I’ve even gotten Byakuya to tolerate me by now.”

“You have a habit of doing that,” Rukia agrees dryly.  “So?  Gonna knock everyone’s socks off at the party or not?”

Ichigo leans back on her hands and looks up at the orange-streaked sky.  “Well, if nothing else, I suppose you’re right about the reactions I’ll get.”

Rukia beams happily, but there’s something darkly satisfied about the curl of her mouth too.  She really seems to want to rub this in Goat-face’s face.  “I can’t wait then.”

Funny.  Despite all those battles she’s been through, all those struggles, all those hardships, despite the smile she shares with Rukia over the impending possibly hilarity-inducing fallout, Ichigo can.

 

 

It happens very quickly.  One moment, Ichigo is scowling indecisively at the spread of kimonos in front of her while Yoruichi chatters on excitedly from the side, and the next-

“He’s still not ready?  What’s taking so long?”

“Wait, Renji, you can’t go in there-“

Bang!

“Oi, Ichigo, are you-”

Ichigo whirls around in surprise, blinking at Renji who was the one to throw open the door and already has both feet in the room.  A step behind him is Rukia, who’s looking increasingly ticked off, and Byakuya, who has his typical disinterested I-can’t-believe-the-Captain-Commander-has-forced-me-to-associate-with-you-plebians-once-again look on his face.

All that changes in a split second.  While Rukia only looks pissed on Ichigo’s behalf, Renji stutters to a stop and freezes the moment Ichigo turns to face him, most likely because she’s in nothing but her underwear and a bra.  All the blood rushes to his face so quickly that Ichigo is reminded of a stoplight, and he simply does not seem capable of doing anything but gawk openly at her, eyes glued to her breasts.

Byakuya is a little more subtle but no less surprised.  His eyes widen comically as they automatically execute a swift up-down of her figure, his cheeks taking on just the slightest hint of red, and for once, he looks like he has absolutely no idea how to react.

“You- You-” Renji finally manages to splutter out, and then, to Ichigo’s bewilderment, a trail of blood trickles from his nose.

A comb wings past Ichigo’s head and nails the redhead’s forehead with pinpoint accuracy.  Too bad it doesn’t do anything to stop the blatant ogling.  Yoruichi strides forward then and throws a robe over Ichigo’s shoulders before bracing her hands on her hips and giving Renji – and Byakuya – an evil-eyed glare.  “What are you doing still standing there, you perverts?  Get out!”

This at least seems to snap Byakuya out of his funk because he practically snaps to attention as if Yamamoto himself gave an order, hastily averting his gaze from Ichigo before taking a look around and catching sight of his lieutenant’s reaction.  The captain’s eyes instantly narrow as his sense of propriety kicks in.

With an audible smack, one of Byakuya’s hands claps over Renji’s eyes, and then the captain promptly proceeds to haul his catatonic lieutenant back out of the room with Rukia in tow, murmuring a faint “excuse us” over his shoulder before the door slams shut behind them.

Ichigo huffs and shucks her robe again.  “What was his problem?  He didn’t have to stare that much just because he found out I’m a girl.”

“Sweetheart, you have a figure to die for,” Yoruichi says wisely, ruffling her hair.  “Trust me; he wasn’t staring just because he found out you’re a girl.

“Now,” Yoruichi picks up a green kimono.  “Let’s try this one on, okay?  I’ve wanted to dress you up since forever, and I’m not holding back now that you’ve finally said yes.”

“The party isn’t all that special,” Ichigo reminds her.  “I don’t have to wear anything too fancy.”

“Of course not,” Yoruichi agrees absently as she holds up the kimono against Ichigo and eyes it critically.  “What do you think of this colour?  It would look good with your hair.”

Ichigo sighs.

 

 

“She’s a girl?”  Renji finally manages to choke out after five minutes of shocked silence in the sitting room of the Shouten.

Rukia rolls her eyes, taking a sip of tea.  “Yes, you moron.  Why didn’t you listen to me when I told you to stop?  Pervert!”

“I didn’t know he- she was a girl!”  Renji exclaims defensively, turning as red as his hair again as he dabs gingerly at his nose with a tissue.  “I wouldn’t have burst in like that if I’d known!  Besides, Taichou was staring too!”

Byakuya immediately takes offense to this, shooting back a frosty, “Hardly; I was simply taken aback, and I looked away as soon as possible.  I can hardly say the same for you, Abarai-fukutaichou.”

Ooh, Rukia winces.  It’s never good for Renji when Nii-sama breaks out the last names and titles these days.

Renji knows this too because he quails under Byakuya’s frigid gaze and has the good sense to look shamefaced.

“Why was he- she pretending to be a guy anyway?”  Renji mutters with no little confusion.  “And why didn’t you just tell me since you apparently knew?”

Even Byakuya raises an eyebrow at Rukia at this question.  Rukia shrugs.  “It’s not my secret to tell if she wants to hide it, and I realized almost right away that pretty much everyone referred to her as a guy, either because they were used to it or because they didn’t know the truth, so I did too.”  She hesitates, fiddling with her mug.  “She hid it for a reason, so I didn’t go around blabbing about it.  It’s not like it really affects anybody else, does it?  Besides, it was less awkward for me since I did spend a few months living in her closet.”

Byakuya seems to breathe an imperceptible sigh of relief upon this reminder.  Apparently, he still hasn’t quite gotten over his sister sleeping in the same room as a teenage male.

“Still, it’s not like she has anything to be ashamed of,” Renji mumbles, tingeing red again, but before Byakuya or Rukia could lay into him, someone else interrupts, voice deceptively cheery.

“And you would know that how, Freeloader-san?”  Urahara sweeps in, fan open even as he peers down at the redhead with a foreboding gleam in his eyes.

Renji flounders for a moment before griping, “For god’s sakes, I didn’t mean to walk in on her while she was practically naked-”

“You walked in on my goddaughter while she was naked?”  Urahara reiterates pleasantly.

Renji freezes.  “…Y- Your goddaughter?”

“Quite,” Urahara cocks his head in a distinctly ominous manner like he’s considering the best way to charbroil the unfortunate lieutenant alive.  “Kurosaki Ichigo is my goddaughter, and I have always felt an immediate, long-lasting, and frankly vengeful hatred for all those perverts out there who have ever even entertained the thought of peeking on her.  Understandable, of course; Ichi-chan is the very embodiment of everything beautiful in this world.  However-” Urahara’s fan snaps shut, and his cane – Zanpakutou, oh crap – taps once against the floorboards with menacing finality.  “-in no way does this change how I feel, Abarai-san.”

Renji gulps, already sweating.  He wonders if he still has time to run.  Probably not, seeing as neither his captain nor Rukia seem at all inclined to buy him even a few seconds for him to escape.

Salvation comes in the form of the very person they’re all talking about.

“Oh leave him alone, Kisuke.  He didn’t mean it, and it’s not like he really saw anything.  I was still in my underclothes.”

Urahara pouts theatrically as he straightens and spins around.  “But Ichi-chan, he’s a pervert!  You can’t let…”

The shopkeeper trails off as Ichigo enters the sitting room, and if the others aren’t just as stunned as he is, they would note this momentous occasion as the first time any of them has ever seen a speechless Urahara Kisuke.  Still, he recovers rather admirably, considering everyone else continues staring.

“Well,” Urahara smiles, soft and lacking its usual fox-sly edge.  “This is a nice surprise.”

Ichigo rolls her eyes from the doorway, but there’s something timid and uncertain in the way she’s standing, two adjectives that Renji has never before thought would ever be associated with Kurosaki Ichigo.

She’s wearing a striking forest green kimono with a delicate white floral pattern decorating it, along with a matching obi that carries a silvery sheen, and while Renji’s no fashionista, he can still say that the ensemble goes great with her hair, which is – obviously – cropped shorter than most females he knows, but still fits Ichigo’s face.

Looking at her now, Renji hasn’t the faintest clue how he could’ve ever mistaken Ichigo for a guy.

“Ichigo!”  Rukia breathes, leaping to her feet and rounding the table to join Ichigo.  “You look amazing!”

Ichigo ducks her head, just for a moment, but she does, before straightening again with an embarrassed grin.  “You think so?”

“Of course; everyone thinks so,” Yoruichi interjects, sauntering into the room looking proud as heck.  She assesses Ichigo for a moment with a critical eye before reaching up to tug at the strands of hair falling into Ichigo’s eyes.  “We still have to do your hair though.”

Ichigo frowns, running a careless hand through her hair.  “It’s short; you can’t do anything with it.”

Yoruichi snorts and waves a dismissive hand before hooking an arm around Ichigo’s and towing her back out again.  “Oh trust me, Ichigo, there’s plenty I can do with it.  You like simple though, so I suppose I’ll have to stick to that.  Now come along.  Before the idiot over there pops his eyes out from all that gawking he’s doing.”

Ichigo disappears from the room, and Renji finds himself on the wrong end of three different glowers once again.

“You can’t blame me for looking!”  Renji howls in protest.

Rukia rolls her eyes, and Byakuya ignores him as Urahara stoops down, pours him some more tea, and hands it back to him with a frankly terrifying smile.

Renji has absolutely no doubt that his drink’s just been poisoned, even if he didn’t see it happen.  Hell if he’s drinking it now.

 

 

“I don’t like this,” Ichigo complains, grimacing down at herself.  One hand lifts to flick irritably at the string of tiny white flowers tucked just above her left ear.

“But you look lovely, Ichi-chan,” Kisuke assures.  All of them are gathered by the front door, all dressed nicely for an evening of fun and relaxation.

“But what if I have to fight?”  Ichigo complains distractedly.

“We’re going to a party, not another war,” Renji reminds her.  He finally seems to have gotten over whatever his problem was earlier, though he still seems a little thrown when he looks at her.

Byakuya on the other hand, after his initial shock passed, has gone back to his regular aloof demeanour, though he did hold open a door for her earlier, and he’s been subtle but very helpful with keeping Renji in line whenever he gapes a bit too long.

“And what if someone crashes that party?”  Ichigo counters.  It’s a legitimate concern.  Somebody’s always crashing the party, or at least crashing Soul Society, and this time, it’s a party in Soul Society.  Some supervillain turning up because he wants revenge or world domination or just mass destruction does not take a very far stretch of the imagination.  “I’ll have to fight, and then I’ll probably rip this kimono.  You know what?  I should change back to something more practic-”

“No,” Rukia cuts her off flatly, quickly sliding over to stand between Ichigo and the hallway leading back to her room at the Shouten.  “You’ve decided to do this, so you’re going to do this.  You want to, don’t you?”

“Well-” Ichigo breaks off, smoothing away invisible wrinkles on her kimono.  “Yeah.  Yeah, of course.  It’s just-”

She stops again, but this time, it’s mostly because of the approaching reiatsu signature, and without meaning to, she tenses up.

Ichigo has always been bullheadedly brave, to the point of suicidal at times.  That bravery deserts her today.

“I’m going to change,” She announces, making to push past Rukia, only for her godfather to halt her with a hand on her forearm.

“Ichigo,” Kisuke says, and it comes out equal parts warning and displeasure, the latter of which probably isn’t directed at her.

The front door is thrown open before she can respond.  “Kisuke!  Is everyone ready?  I just dropped the girls off at their friend’s-”

Kurosaki Isshin trails off, words withering away the second he catches sight of Ichigo.  Tension skyrockets, and Ichigo has no choice but to bite the bullet, square her shoulders, and stand up straight, chin lifting an inch as she faces her father down like she would an Espada.

“Isshin-san,” Kisuke steps in to fill the silence, and while he’s smiling as genially as always, there’s absolutely nothing friendly about the look in his eyes.  “Doesn’t your daughter look particularly beautiful tonight?”

A beat of silence, and then, “Hahaha!”  Ichigo’s father honks out, but it’s stilted at best, and Ichigo doesn’t miss the way his eyes skitter away from her.  “Ichigo, don’t you think you’re a little too old to be playing dress-up with Yoruichi?  And we’ll be late if you don’t get dressed soon; better hurry up and get read-”

“She’s ready,” Yoruichi interrupts, gliding out of the shadows, and the steel in her features holds the command of an Onmitsukidou commander.  “This is how she’s going to the party.  This is how she wants to dress today.  D’you have a problem with that, Isshin?”

Ichigo’s dad’s gaze snaps up again to meet Yoruichi’s this time, and his expression tightens.  “He’s the hero of Soul Society; he should dress for the occasion-”

“She can dress in rags for all anybody cares, and she’d still be Kurosaki Ichigo, and Soul Society would still appreciate her for everything she’s done!”  Yoruichi snarls, and in that moment, she looks far more like a tiger than the cat she prefers.

“I’m just saying he should-”

“Your firstborn is a daughter, Isshin-san,” Kisuke bulldozes over him with ice in his smile and danger in his eyes.  “You seem to have forgotten that somewhere along the way.”

Ichigo’s father reddens ever so slightly even as he draws himself up like an offended bear, but he doesn’t get another word in edgewise before Yoruichi flicks out a hand in a sharp gesture at their hushed audience, golden eyes never wavering from her target’s face.

“You three get her outta here,” She orders in a low growl.  “Don’t argue with me, Ichigo.  There’s a discussion I’ve been meaning to have with your father that’s long overdue.”

“Go meet up with your friends and head for Seireitei,” Kisuke adds a touch more gently, eyes thawing for a few seconds.  “We’ll be right behind you.”

It’s Rukia who moves first, grabbing Ichigo’s hand and towing her from the Shouten with Renji and Byakuya bringing up the rear.  Everybody notices the dirty look she shoots Ichigo’s father on their way out.

“Okay, what the hell was that?”  Renji explodes the minute they’re half a block away from the shop.  In the distance, all four of them can still hear Yoruichi shouting from the Shouten.  The former captain didn’t waste a second before tearing into Ichigo’s dad the moment Ichigo and the others cleared the building.

Ichigo automatically scowls, shifting uncomfortably on the spot.  “It’s nothing.”

At the same time, Rukia bites out, “If he does anything remotely insulting to you at the party, I reserve the right to use my Bankai on him.”

Ichigo snorts half-heartedly, wrinkling her nose when even Renji taps a finger against the hilt of his Zanpakutou, a frown that matches Rukia’s beginning to form on his face as well.

“I don’t get it,” Renji says bluntly, looking between Rukia and Ichigo.  “But do I have to kick his ass?”

“No!”  “Yes.”

Ichigo heaves a long-suffering sigh.  “Rukia-”

“It’s not fair to you, Ichigo!”  Rukia barks fiercely, rounding on her.  “Just because somebody wants you to be something else doesn’t mean you should just go along with it, even if he is your father!  You taught me that!  I tried for the longest time to be what all those nobles wanted me to be even though I knew I’d never be good enough in their eyes!  It was a waste of my life until you showed me I could just be myself.  You taught me that, so you can’t not do the same, idiot!”

“But it’s not-”

“Am I to understand,” Byakuya uncharacteristically interrupts, scrutinizing Ichigo rather closely.  “That Shiba Isshin wants a son and not a daughter for his firstborn?”  Ichigo’s scowl deepens.  Byakuya forges on heedlessly, brow creasing almost imperceptibly.  “I was under the impression that the Shiba Clan does not care whether their potential heirs are males or females.  The current head is female.”

Ichigo is startled enough to stop scowling, blinking bemusedly at Byakuya instead.  “…Oh.  Oh, you think- Nah, that’s not-”

She sighs again and reaches up to rake a hand through her hair, only for Rukia to catch her wrist and glance pointedly at Yoruichi’s overall handiwork.  Ichigo makes a face but lowers her hand back to her side.

“I didn’t even know I was a Shiba until the Quincy War started,” Ichigo explains at last.  “I mean, I suspected.  I look a bit like Kaien and a lot like Kuukaku, and I’m not that dense.  But this-” She motions at herself.  “-began years ago, so it doesn’t have anything to do with heirs or whatever.  Besides, Kuukaku’s doing fine as clan head, and Goat-face ran away from all his responsibilities as captain and clan head to marry my mom; I can’t say I’m an expert at running clans but I don’t think he really has any right to have a say in how to run the Shiba Clan after deserting his post, even if it was for, uh, love?  So even if he did want Kuukaku to make me her successor or something just in case she died, I think she should still tell Goat-face to stick his opinion where the sun doesn’t shine, whether or not she agrees.”

One corner of Byakuya’s mouth twitches before flattening back into its typical neutral line.  Ichigo grins back.  She knew she’s been getting to him.

“But that’s not really-” She shrugs a little, turning to stare sightlessly back in the general direction of the Shouten.  “…I look too much like my mom, even when I was a kid, and after she- after she died, my dad didn’t really- he didn’t want a reminder staring him in the face twenty-four/seven.”

She’s started now, and the words suddenly come much more easily, a jumble of a confession on a mostly empty street with three Shinigami as her witnesses.

“It was… okay at first,” She mumbles, gaze focused on the sunset that’s setting the horizon on fire.  “My dad took his meals in the clinic when I was around, and that upset the girls – my sisters – so I just went over to Tatsuki’s for most of my meals.  That way, I wouldn’t be around, and Goat-face could spend time with the twins.  They were still really young, and they’d already lost mom; I didn’t want them growing up without a dad too because of me.

“But Goat-face is a crap cook, and growing children shouldn’t live on charcoal and takeout,” Ichigo scowls at the mere thought.  “The twins were only five at the time, and Yuzu didn’t know how to cook.  I wouldn’t let her near the stove anyway, so I had to be there to cook for them and pack lunches for them because they were starting kindergarten that year.  Goat-face worked in the clinic all day too, and he’s not really what you’d call particularly attentive about everyday details, like… somebody had to walk the girls to and from school to make sure they weren’t kidnapped or something, and somebody had to go shopping for their school supplies, and somebody had to sign Karin up for the local soccer club, and somebody had to go pick Yuzu up from school when she sprained an ankle falling from the monkey bars on the playground.”

Ichigo whirls around, her entire body stiff and unyielding as old memories are dredged up.  “So I had to be there, I had to be at home to take care of the girls, especially when they got upset that I wasn’t there.  Karin started getting into fights at school.  Yuzu was crying every other day because she was scared the family was falling apart.  So.”  She huffs.  “I figured if Goat-face didn’t want me around because I looked like mom, then I just wouldn’t look like my mom; problem solved.  I cut my hair, and we could actually sit through meals together again.  And I started wearing boy clothes, and I even ordered the male uniform for school, and everything was- everything was okay again.  So long as I looked more like a boy, then I didn’t look too much like my mom, and everything went back to normal.  Mostly normal.  But it was- it was better.  Things got better.”

She stops and takes a deep breath, and then she squints at Renji who’s turned a mottled red.  “What’s up with you?”

Rukia scoffs, folding her arms.  “Isn’t that obvious?  Renji agrees with me.”

Renji’s nostrils flare, and his hand clenches around Zabimaru.  “I’m gonna kick his ass until his balls recede into his-”

Byakuya shoots him a frigid look to shut him up, probably reprimanding Renji for his language, but his eyes are dark when they glance back at Ichigo, and he looks about as displeased as when someone – anyone – is threatening Rukia.

“He was always a foolish man,” The Kuchiki Clan Head offers coolly.  “It seems he has only become an even greater fool with time.”

Ichigo should probably protest all this verbal abuse heaped on- Yeah, who is she kidding?  Everyone who’s ever known Kurosaki Isshin seemed to have something negative to say about his character.

Rukia, Ichigo recalls.  Looks a lot like Hisana.  And while Byakuya was distant with his sister-in-law for the longest time, it was never because she looked too much like his dead wife, and he’d still done his best to take care of Rukia despite the… fumbles along the way.

Ichigo’s dad though… Has he ever even tried?  Because, in the end, wasn’t it Ichigo whom the twins depended on for homework troubles and scraped knees and permission for field trips and new clothes as they grew and even that talk about periods just a few years ago?  Ichigo, not Goat-face – the doctor, and their dad.

It’s… rather sad, all told.  Kinda pathetic too, because to Ichigo, and to Karin and Yuzu, it’s perfectly normal.

But these three say it isn’t, or at least the sentiment is implied, and they’re all righteously angry on her behalf, and it warms something inside her, gives her strength where there wasn’t before.

“It doesn’t matter,” Ichigo says with finality, rolling her shoulders to loosen them.  “Kisuke and Yoruichi’s right; I want to go dressed like this tonight, so I will, screw Goat-face.”

Rukia brightens, and Renji grins, and even Byakuya looks faintly approving.

“We’re just waiting on the others then,” Renji says briskly, though he still peers back over his shoulder in the direction of the Shouten as if he’s tempted to storm that place to dole out some serious damage.

“They are here,” Byakuya tilts his head to the left, and seconds later, even Ichigo picks up their respective reiatsu signatures.

“Do they know?”  Renji suddenly perks up.

Ichigo rolls her eyes.  “Yes, they do.”  Renji droops so Ichigo appeases him with, “But most people in Seireitei don’t.  Only the Visored do.”

Renji cheers up again.  He snickers.  “Oh damn, I can’t wait!  It’s gonna be awesome.  I wish I’d brought a camera.”

An evil smile crosses Rukia’s face as she fishes one out.  “Don’t worry; I have one.”

Renji cackles.  Byakuya looks like he wants to roll his eyes but was too refined to actually go through with it.  Instead, he turns, unsheathes his Zanpakutou, and proceeds to open a doorway into Soul Society, just as Inoue, Ishida, and Chad rounds the corner.

“Oh!  Is it Kurosaki-chan today then?”  Inoue chirps, taking Ichigo’s new wardrobe completely in stride as she bounces up.

“Isn’t that a bit of a mouthful?”  Ichigo muses.  “You could just call me Ichigo.”

“Ichigo-chan then,” Inoue directs a brilliant smile at her.  She glows in the pink and white kimono she’s chosen, hair done up in a bun with kanzashi in her hair.

“You’re still Kurosaki to me,” Ishida throws out, adjusting his glasses.  “I don’t know why I have to go.  Me, partying with Shinigami; what has the world come to?  People will be whispering insults left and right, and while I won’t care-” Liar, Ichigo thinks with a mix of fondness and annoyance.  “-it’s going to get irritating fast.”

“If they do that, we’ll all leave,” Chad states calmly, and Inoue is already nodding staunchly while Ichigo makes an agreeable noise at the back of her throat.

“What Chad said,” Ichigo concurs, pretending not to notice the dusting of pink on Ishida’s cheeks.  The poor guy just had to be born with pale skin.  Ah well.  More entertainment for Ichigo.  “The party’s just a party when it comes down to it.  Now is everyone ready to go?”

“Where are Yoruichi-san and Urahara-san?”  Inoue enquires inquisitively.  “And I thought your father was coming as well?”

“They’re… held up a bit,” Ichigo says evasively.  He gets a sideways look from Ishida for that, but other than that, nobody pushes for more.  “Right then, let’s go.”

“The legal way this time,” Byakuya murmurs in a deadpan, and it startles a laugh out of Ichigo.

Who knew Kuchiki Byakuya has a sense of humour?

 

 

“My beautiful moon!  My radiant sun!  My-”

Ichigo slams a fist into Shinji’s face to shut him up.  The blond goes flying backwards, straight into Hiyori’s range and gets kicked for his efforts.

Suffice to say, arriving in Seireitei has been rather… chaotic.  Not a single person – Visored aside, and Unohana too if she were still alive; Ichigo can almost hear her (“You have been under my personal care multiple times, Kurosaki-san; please do give me some credit, or at the very least, do have some faith in my ability to differentiate a female body from a male’s.”) – who didn’t at least do a double-take.  Some… well.  Rukia’s camera hasn’t stopped flashing, enough said.

Ichigo says and stoops down over the prone figure at her feet.  “Oi, Toshirou, are you dead?”

Toshirou groans, face smooshed into the ground like he’s trying to make himself disappear.  That, or he’s trying to pretend the world around him doesn’t exist.

Ichigo has to smirk.  The captain was being distracted by Matsumoto while both were on their way to greet the arriving group of humans, and he wasn’t watching where he was going.  So of course, Toshirou walked straight into Ichigo.  More specifically, being as short as he is, Toshirou walked straight into Ichigo’s boobs.

It actually took the captain a long minute to register what was going on, a minute that consisted of staring from Ichigo’s breasts to her face and then back to her breasts.  Then he turned as red as a brick, opened his mouth, produced a wheezing sound akin to a dying walrus, and then promptly keeled over in a dead faint.

Renji’s still howling with laughter on the ground.  Matsumoto, after picking up her jaw from the floor, looked like Christmas came early, and Ichigo is willing to bet an arm that she’ll be teasing her captain about this for a long time to come.  Rukia’s got it all on camera.

“I’m going to kill you, Kurosaki,” Toshirou mutters into the ground.  “I don’t care if you’re a girl.  This isn’t funny.”

Ichigo just bursts out laughing.  All around her are comrades and friends that she knows, slowly getting over their shock and ribbing each other instead about the more extreme reactions.  She’s seen Ukitake whack Kyouraku over the head and begin scolding him when the latter barely misses a beat before leering playfully at her in jest.

Kira is currently choking on air with Hisagi helpfully pounding him on the back, a mildly amused look on his tattooed face as he nods a quiet greeting at Ichigo.

Yumichika has been flitting back and forth between her and Inoue, examining their respective kimonos with an appreciative eye while Ikkaku and Kenpachi kind of look like they want to challenge Ichigo to another fight right then and there, as if her being a girl is suddenly chafing their pride.

And of course, Shinji’s been flirting nonstop, and even Ichigo’s noticed the black look Byakuya’s been aiming at the Visored as if Shinji’s besmirched every Kuchiki’s honour in the span of five minutes.

That man and propriety, honestly.  For some reason though, Rukia cracked up when Ichigo remarked on this observation.

Then Kisuke and Yoruichi show up, but Ichigo’s father doesn’t.

“He decided to have a night in after all,” Yoruichi informs her, but there’s a gleam in the Shihouin’s eyes, as well as something nasty in the curve of Kisuke’s smile, that makes Ichigo wonder if she’ll be returning home come tomorrow to an injured father.

“Come on, Ichigo,” Rukia appears at her side, having had her fill of photos for now apparently.  “There are stalls set up with food and games, so it’s just like a festival.  Do you want to get dango first?”

Ichigo promptly forgets Toshirou still lying on the ground, though he’s started thunking his forehead against the floorboards now.

“Sure,” Ichigo readily agrees even as Omaeda walks into a lamppost with a doink!  Sui-Feng sinks a foot into his gut for that, though she has her eyebrows quirked as she regards Ichigo from afar.

People are taking it well overall though, Ichigo decides as she and Rukia sets off down one festively lit street.  They’re surprised, but not unpleasantly so, as Ichigo was inwardly – admittedly – half-expecting.  It was a stupid, unrelated comparison, but if her own father didn’t like her as a girl – a grown-ass woman now actually – then…

But the Shinigami don’t care, her friends and allies don’t care.  Half of them think it’s a grand prank, and the other half look sort of resigned, as if it’s pretty much become a fact of life to them that Kurosaki Ichigo will always be shocking them one way or another.

The last bit of tension that’s had Ichigo somewhat wired and wary seeps away.  Maybe she’s been worried over nothing.  It’s a party after all, among friends.

“There’s dango!”  Rukia cheers, pointing ahead before snagging Ichigo’s arm and dragging her towards the stand.

Ichigo smiles and picks up her pace.  She thinks she’ll really enjoy this evening, far more than she originally anticipated.

“Let me treat you,” Shinji materializes beside her with a cheesy grin.  “It can be our first date-”

Ichigo punches him again.  She could do without the flirting though.  Idiot.

