At first, he could admit to being confused about main protagonists in RPGs.

After all, there stats are not only low after being alive for so long (You’d think if they managed to get into middle/high school they’d have some intelligence). They practically never talk, as if they spent their life basically mute and friendless before the story happens. And don’t mention anything dealing with social skills, the are nonexistent.

But then again, it’s just a game, so it doesn’t have to make sense. And if you screw up, you can start over.

And over.

And over once again.

Until you get tired of it or an even better game comes out.

Main protagonists don’t confuse him like they once did.

———————-

First Character: Nana- Before Start

———————-

Sawada Nana hummed to herself as she cooked breakfast, thoughts of the shopping she would do later on her mind as she did. After all, she had growing twin boys to feed, and heavens knew that her youngest could eat a person out of house and home.

Yoshimune was rather similar to his father in many ways, his appetite just one of the examples.

Though her eldest son still worried her with his portions; if she didn’t remind him to eat, the quiet child would probably forget that there was food on his plate.

Her cheerful humming changing into a worried hmm, the house wife slightly frowned when she thought of her eldest son.

Tsunayoshi was ever so confusing to the young mother. 

He wasn’t a trouble maker or anything, never acting out like Yo-kun did when in a certain phase. In fact, her little Tsuna helped around the house with chores, even assisting Nana in the kitchen. And his grades at school were fine, even better then his brother, do to the fact at least Tsu-kun was average in his classes. He had even joined a club at his elementary, a Gamer’s Club or something.

No, what confused the brunette was that her son never seem to show an ounce of emotion on his face.

Or, there was the rare times she would see a slight warmth in his eyes, maybe a flash of sadness here and there. But it was always gone so fast, replace by an exhaustion that honestly worried Nana.

"Kaa-san, the eggs are starting to brown.". a soft voice announced, neatly breaking Nana from her thoughts and hurrying to save the food.

Crises and empty stomachs averted, Brown eyes met a matching pair in that of her oldest son’s, though his more tired then her own.

"Ah, thank you, Tsu-kun! Do you think you can set the table for me now?" Nana asked, watching as her baby nodded, his seven year old face far too serious as he went about the task given to him.

(Really, she wondered sometimes where he learned to fold the napkins into little origami animals.)

"COOL! Nii-san made me a tiger this time! Thank you Tsuna-nii!" Nana couldn’t help but blink when she saw her youngest at the table already, oo-ing and ah-ing at his napkin. She really was lost in her head if she hadn’t heard her normally loud son enter the room.

Once the three were at the table eating, Nana’s took in her twins. Really, despite how identical they look with some minor differences, they couldn’t be more different in personality.

Tsuna, inheriting her brown hair (though his was much fluffier) and eyes, was quiet, reserved, helpful, and calm even when other would be crying or screaming.

Then there was Yoshi, his hair highlighted naturally with blond (as well as much neater) and hazel eyes, was loud, open, childish, gleeful, and prone to a tantrum here and there. He enjoyed playing Volleyball with friends, complained whenever Nana asked for him to clean his room, and his grades were barely passing.

Taking in her two children finishing their meal, their mother could only wish the best for them.

—————————————-

 After all, doing something over and over again can wear anyone down.

