Jotaro acknowledges that his friendship with Kakyoin might be a little different from what one would consider “normal” for two boys their age.

Unfortunately for him, nearly all their friends happen to tease him about this whenever the opportunity strikes (which it does fairly often, for some ungodly reason). But he usually pays them no mind, save for the reddening of his ears and a grumble of, "Shut up," under his breath. After all, being close to Kakyoin has never bothered him, and he doesn't really see why it ever would. He likes being near him, likes the closeness that they share despite their many differences. Because beneath what common ground they do have, there exists something special that keeps Jotaro listening and feeling and experiencing all at once.

And of course he's fine with it. Their oddly close friendship, the warmth that sparks in his chest at the sight of the other teen, the private little world they always happen to create for themselves – all of it. None of it ever has to change. 

But then a particular Thursday evening hits.

It's right around 6:30, when the dreaded "melodrama marathon" (as his family calls it) starts running on the television. Jotaro really wants nothing more than to head to his room for a smoke and maybe a pre-dinner nap, but his grandfather has been relentless about establishing some sort of bonding time between the three of them during his stay. His prosthetic hand keeps Jotaro in place, gripping his wrist every time he tries to excuse himself from the overly affectionate two keeping him sandwiched on the couch.

Now that he’s trapped there’s really nothing else to do but sit there and wait for the hellish two hours of soap operas to end. So he sits and he watches, cursing his family and their damn persistence in doing things together. The Joestars are a weird bunch -- no wonder his father seems to avoid the house at all costs whenever the old man is in the country.

“We’re close to the season finale, I think,” Holly sniffles, clutching onto her son’s arm as if it could possibly be her last chance at life. “Do you think they’ll finally confess to each other?”

Jotaro wants to tell her to shut up and quit crying all over him. But the old man is right there and he is not going to risk having his wrist broken, so he keeps quiet and glares at the screen with every ounce of hatred he can possibly muster. He only pays attention to keep from completely losing himself in boredom-- not enough to get invested in what’s actually going on, but just enough to occupy his mind. It’s some kind of romantic drama about two childhood friends, with one of them relentlessly trying to confess their love while the other remains completely oblivious to their feelings. Pretty standard. And the lead couple are annoying as hell.

“Ibuki-chan shouldn’t have dyed her hair that color,” Joseph grumbles beside him (because he actually enjoys these shows plenty, despite how he adamantly denies it). “It looks terrible.”

Holly pouts. “You think? But it’s not a bad shade of red. It’s kind of like Kakyoin-kun’s hair, isn’t it?”

It’s almost as if the boy’s name triggers something in him. Jotaro sharpens his gaze, studying the female lead and her hair as if it somehow really matters. His mother (unsurprisingly) is totally off-- it doesn’t look anything like Kakyoin’s hair. His is a darker shade. And it fits him much, much more than it does on that girl, whatever her name is.

“No. She just makes the red look bad,” he grunts, glancing from Joseph then to his mother. “Also, it’s different from Kakyoin’s.”

The old man gets this funny look on his face, as if he knows something that Jotaro doesn’t. But he then chuckles and nudges his grandson, apparently not picking up on how that was supposed to be a “shut up” kind of comment.

“You’re right, Jotaro. You’re absolutely right.”

“Such a sharp eye! That’s my little Jotaro!”

Christ. He avoids looking at the two adults after that, keeping his eyes glued to the screen of the tv. Thoughts of Kakyoin surface again, and then he begins to wonder if he would enjoy watching something like this. He does seem the type, to be honest. And if Holly and the old man asked, he would probably stay and let himself be squished between them. Kakyoin is just that kind of person.

Thinking about his friend relaxes him a little. It doesn’t really surprise him; whenever he feels tense or agitated, Kakyoin comes to mind and everything feels a little better. But on this particular warm Thursday night, trapped between his sobbing mother and annoyingly persistent grandfather, Jotaro comes to the realization that he doesn’t just feel better at the thought of Kakyoin-- he feels good. A strange kind of good, like when he’s smoking his favorite cigarettes or listening to music he likes. A kind of good that just fits and fills everything inside of him with warmth and comfort.

Somehow, in between realizing this and being stuck between two annoying people, he starts to pay actual attention to the drama. He picks up on the small things exchanged between the lead couple; touches on the shoulder, instinctively leaning on each other when tired, and practically everything else that he and Kakyoin have certain done before. It’s a little weird to see those innocent things portrayed as romantic. Certainly, he’s never really put that much thought into what went into his and Kakyoin’s frequent, casual touches

From time to time, he also finds himself squinting at the female lead, wondering how his mother had the mind to compare her to Kakyoin. She’s nothing like him. And he’s definitely nothing like her.

Kakyoin, he thinks, Is much prettier.

And then he stops.

Jotaro repeats that thought once, then twice. Pretty. And not just pretty, but prettier than someone else. Prettier than some actress who probably has tons of fans and magazine deals. 

This shitty drama is starting to fuck with him.

“Jotaro? Are you alright, sweetie? You suddenly got really tense.”

“You’re imagining it, woman.”

Holly smiles wide and hugs his arm tightly. “Okay!”

And that’s the end of that conversation. He returns to staring at the tv, cursing his luck.

The program finishes up soon enough, and though Jotaro keeps his expression neutral as always, he can’t help but feel a little disappointed in himself. Pissed, even.

Why am I getting so worked up over this?

Jotaro pulls the tip of his cap over his eyes, ashamed and a little terrified of where his thoughts are starting to lead. All that drama bullshit is fucking with him. Thoughts of Kakyoin and those weird scenes of hand holding and touching are clouding his mind, and all that needs to stop immediately. Like, right now.

“That kind of romance is so sweet,” Holly sighs, clasping her hands together. “I hope my little Jotaro finds something like that! Right, Papa?”

The old man snorts and Jotaro clicks his tongue in annoyance. “Good grief, woman. Who cares.”

But later that night, Jotaro crawls into bed and tries to forget the fact that he got annoyed when only he could tell that Kakyoin was prettier than the girl on the tv.

Kakyoin is his friend.

And it’s totally normal to think your friends are attractive. Polnareff, his foreign friend from the local university, is pretty handsome too. There are plenty of good looking guys at their school as well. Kujo Jotaro is a young man who can appreciate aesthetically pleasing people.

But those people aren’t Kakyoin. They don’t have nice red hair or ridiculous cherry earrings or pouty lips that look really soft. Fuck. Surely close friends are bound to have these strange thoughts now and then? Jotaro grunts in self-agreement, certain that Kakyoin has also had these kind of thoughts towards him and oh-- does Kakyoin consider him attractive? To the point of getting flustered over that thought? God. He immediately regrets allowing his mind to wander, feeling his ears begin to burn a little with shame.

Jotaro rolls over and buries his face into the nearest pillow, convincing himself to just go to sleep and forget about all this. No use staying up and dwelling on it more, and he is pretty tired after a day of putting up with both Holly and Joseph. Sleep eventually comes to him, and he considers himself safe.

At least until he finds himself dreaming about kissing Kakyoin on those pink, pouty lips he’s been secretly stealing glances at for months now without fully realizing it. Have they always looked so soft? Maybe he’s getting mixed up. But in his dreams they’re right there and they’re mouthing his name in such a perfect, sinful way. It almost hurts to wake up the next morning.

He continues to dismiss his thoughts and dreams for the next several days, believing that they will eventually stop if he pays them no attention. But that doesn’t work at all. They grow persistent, attacking him even in class when Kakyoin is literally four seats away from him. It’s horrifying and some days he feels like punching the nearest person just to get all his frustrations out.

The efforts to suppress and deny his new feelings come to an end one fateful morning after an unusually risqué dream involving his friend. He wakes up half-expecting to see Kakyoin curled up at his side, sound asleep and clinging to his arm, but he’s met with a disappointingly empty bed instead. Disappointment, frustration, and loneliness hit him all at once. Quietly, he rolls over on his bed, facing the empty space beside him and ghosting his fingers over where Kakyoin should be. He doesn’t shut down his thoughts this time.

Within a week, he's managed to fantasize about kissing, dating, and getting extremely intimate with Kakyoin. That's pretty much an entire relationship dreamed up over the span of several days. And to make matters worse, he wants more. He wants more dreams, more embarrassing thoughts, more Kakyoin.

The realization of just what he’s experiencing finally settles in. And as a man of few words, Jotaro simply looks out the window, squints into the morning sunlight, and whispers, “Fuck.”

 

 

Three weeks later, Jotaro stands at the intersection down the road from his house, a cigarette dangling from his lips. It’s the last day of class before summer break, meaning it’ll be the last day he and Kakyoin get to walk to school together for quite some time. Sure, they’ll be seeing each other fairly often over the break, but that’s different. Walking together in the mornings… it’s nice and quiet, and one of the few times of day they can actually be alone with each other.

Christ. Since when has he been so sentimental? This is probably what happens when he wakes up earlier than usual. His brain hasn’t adjusted to being up at this hour.

There are ulterior motives behind this early meeting, of course. It’s not like he just decided on a whim to wait around like those annoying fangirls do for him. Sighing, Jotaro tosses his cigarette to the ground and crushes it beneath his heel. The other should be here any minute now. And all I need to do, he reminds himself, is tell him to meet me behind the school at lunch. I can do it then. It’s private.

Elaborate confessions aren’t really his thing, anyway. He adjusts his cap, quietly going over exactly what he’ll say to his friend when he comes out about his feelings. The damn thought of doing this has been keeping him up for weeks, and it’s got to stop. He’ll tell Kakyoin today, and then-- well, things should work out alright. They have the whole summer to figure the rest out from there. Today is the perfect day to do this. And it will all work out just fine. Because it’s Kakyoin.

And speaking of Kakyoin-- shouldn’t he be here by now? Jotaro frowns and checks his watch. It’s around the time he usually comes, and this is the only way to get to his house from the main part of the city. Maybe he missed him? Or miscalculated somehow? Frowning, he pulls out his cellphone and decides to try calling him, only to see a text notification taking up the screen. It’s from Kakyoin. Swallowing, he opens it up, already dreading what the message could possibly be about.

[ hey i wont be coming to school today :( moms sick and dads out of town. gotta take care of things. sorry!!!! and don’t u ditch class ]

He isn’t coming.

Jotaro blankly stares at the screen before tucking his phone back into his pocket, turning, and walking back home.

 

 

 

He spends the rest of the day sulking in his room (though he absolutely refuses to acknowledge that he is). All of his plans went up in smoke, and why? Because his family just happens to have the shittiest luck in the world. It’s hardly fair. And now he has to spend yet another sleepless night dreaming stupid Kakyoin and every stupid part of him he wants to touch and kiss. This is completely unfair and he almost considers going to Kakyoin’s house and just confessing to him then and there, right in front of his mom.

Why did Kakyoin’s mother have to get sick today of all days. The old bat probably planned it just to mess with him.

His phone suddenly goes off, pulling him away from his angry thoughts. Groaning, he reaches over onto the nightstand to answer it.

“Yeah?”

“Jotaro. You answered your phone, so you’re obviously not at school right now.”

Oh, shit. Jotaro sits up on the bed, staring hard at the wall as he tries to figure out some kind of excuse to get Kakyoin off his back for this. He even told him not to ditch in his text, and what does he do? Ditch. Of course. He remains silent as he tries to process what to say, only for the boy on the other end to sigh and continue.

“Honestly… I was going to ask you to bring by the summer homework, too. I’ll have to ask the class representative now, and you know how much that guy annoys me.”

Bringing Kakyoin his homework tonight would have been a good opportunity to continue his plans, damn it. 

“Teacher will probably email it all to me, so don't worry. I'll print an extra copy for you."

"Ok, but still. You should have gone today."

"I didn’t want to walk alone. Girls would have mobbed me on sight.”

“Oh, really? Did you miss me or did you miss your shield?” Kakyoin laughs over the phone, and it makes Jotaro’s chest hurt a little. Maybe he should just drop by anyway to see him. “Well, I just called to see if you actually went to class-- and you didn’t. So you’ve got to do my science homework as punishment.”

“Tch. Fine. Want me to stop by tonight?”

“Nah. Mom is really sick. I don’t want you to catch anything.” He then pauses, as if something caught his attention. Jotaro listens carefully. “Oh-- Hey, I gotta go. Mom needs me. Talk to you later, ‘kay?”

“W--”

He ends the conversation before Jotaro can even protest.

His door then swings open, Holly practically skipping into the room with a bright smile on her face. Her timing, as usual, is terrible. “Jotaro! Do you wanna watch more soap operas with Mommy in a bit?” As if to boost her chances, she flashes him peace signs. "Honey and Papa aren't here to watch them with me tonight, so I'm a little lonely. Please, sweetie?"

And of course, Jotaro snaps at her to keep it down and knock the next time she wants to come in. Yet somehow he ends up on the couch with her anyway, watching another portion of her damned “melodrama marathon”. She claims he’s finally beginning to understand a woman’s heart, and he just silently repeats to himself amidst her babbling that this is all for research. Kujo Jotaro is a young man who does not back down from a proper challenge. If this confession business is going to eat at him until it gets done and gets done right, then he’ll wipe the floor with these annoying thoughts and make sure Kakyoin knows exactly how he feels. Determined, he glares at the tv.

“Ibuki-chan, you know he loves you! Why do you keep acting like nothing’s happened?”

Ibuki, the redhead who is most certainly not Kakyoin, crosses her arms and turns her nose up in the air. “What kind of person would accept such a boring, half-assed confession? He didn’t even put any effort into it. Like hell I’d say yes to something like that!”

Holly squeals. Jotaro swallows.

Ibuki-cha--The show might be onto something here. He didn’t exactly spend hours planning exactly what he would say to Kakyoin. All his plans rode on the idea of just approaching him in private and saying he liked him. Nothing fancy, nothing romantic. Sounded like a pretty good idea to him at the time, but thinking about it again, would Kakyoin have liked that? Would he have felt insulted or bored by his lack of effort? Maybe he needs to take a step back and think this through. He almost dove into the situation blindly, and that could have ruined everything.

Just casually going up to Kakyoin and saying, “Hey, I like you”-- what kind of response would that even get him?

A rejection? 

Jotaro suddenly pushes himself up off the couch, ignoring the whines coming from Holly as she tries to tug him back, and goes back to his room. He makes sure to lock the door behind him to keep from being interrupted at the worst possible time. Once he’s certain everything is secure, he snatches his phone off the bed and scrolls through his contacts. Hopefully he isn’t fucking himself over by doing this.

He holds his breath as he makes the call. Once it finally goes through, he lets it out, making an unflattering gasp for air in the process. Polnareff makes an equally strange sound on his end, confused.

“Ignore that, Polnareff. It’s Jotaro.”

“Jotaro? Yo, Jotarooooo--! It’s been ages since you last called, man!”

“There’s a reason for that.” The last time he called, Polnareff and his roommate, Abdul, had been in the middle of… things. He hasn’t called since, the deep, mental scar from the few seconds he had listened in on still preventing him from keeping in touch with the two over the phone. They communicate mostly through text now.

“Yeah, the sex-uation,” Polnareff laughs, unphased by the memory. “Got it. Anyway, what’s up?”

The sex-uation.

He closes his eyes and pinches the bridge of his nose, because dear god.

“Hey, are you calling to talk hair? 'Cause, not gonna lie, mine's looking pretty damn ni--”

“We’ll talk about your stupid hair later. I have a personal situation to ask about.”

Polnareff pauses. Slowly, cautiously, he continues, "Don't tell me… Is it a sex-uation?” A snort follows soon after, as if he's trying to muffle his laughter against the palm of his hand.

“I’m hanging up.”

“Oi, wait! I’m just kidding!”

“Sure.”

“Jeez, man. Lighten up.” Polnareff is probably pouting right about now, making that kicked puppy expression he always makes when he can’t have his fun. “So, if this isn’t a se-- I mean, uh, what’s going on?”

Jotaro quickly glances over at his door, double checking to make sure that he really did lock it. The last thing he needs is Holly barging in and overhearing something she shouldn’t. Once she finds out about something, it inevitably reaches the ears of the old man. And he has got to be the last person on earth he wants to have know about this. Jotaro can already predict all the teasing sexual jokes that he’ll make in addition to what Polnareff will say. So that’s something to avoid entirely.

He licks his lips, slowly pushing the words out one by one. “Last winter. You told me that me and Kakyoin argue like a married couple.”

“Oh... Are you still mad about that?” The cheer instantly drains from his voice. “Let it go, man.”

He grips the phone a little. His ears are starting to feel a little hot, but he has to do this.

“No. I just. I like him. In that way, I mean.”

It suddenly goes quiet. There’s probably a huge, excited grin slowly stretching its way across Polnareff’s face right about now. Jotaro grumbles to himself, embarrassed. He wants to press the conversation to continue on, but--

Screaming. Sudden, high-pitched screaming comes from Polnareff’s end of the line, followed by a loud, “What the hell are you doing?!” from Abdul in the background. He leans away from the phone, staring at it blankly as shouts continue pouring out of the speaker. Everything just seems to get louder despite his attempts to turn the volume down.

“ABDUL! JOJO AND KAK ARE HOOKING UP!”

“W-WHAT? ARE YOU POSITIVE? IT’S BEEN SO LONG…!”

This was a terrible mistake.

He’s just about to hang up on the screaming Frenchman, but Polnareff manages to draw him back in with an excited cry of, “And?! What did Kakyoin say when you told him?!”

Oh. Jotaro rubs the back of his neck, suddenly feeling a little sweaty and awkward with the turn their conversation has taken. “Nothing,” he says quietly, after murmuring good grief under his breath. “I haven’t told him yet.”

The situation finally seems to process through Polnareff’s mind. He gasps, then apparently knocks something over as the sound of glass breaking and Abduls’ frustrated voice carry on in the background. “You want me to help you score with Kak? That’s what you’re asking, isn’t it?”

“Do not say it like that.”

“But that is what you’re essentially asking-- I never pegged you as the romantic type, though. We all thought you were just going to go and tell him flat out! Like, we even were going to bet on it. But the old stick in the mud here told us not to.”

“I was-- Hold it. Who is we.”

“Me, Old Man Joestar, Josuke and his pals… When we all got together during that Christmas party, remember? We tried betting on it!” A pause, followed by laughter. “Your gramps? Kind of a dick. Didn’t bet a cent on you.”

That’s… Jotaro closes his eyes and silently counts to ten, trying his very best to keep calm. They need to get back on track. Beating the shit out of his nosy friends and family can come later, but he reminds himself to make a special, loving phonecall to Granny Suzie sometime soon. She might be interested in hearing what the old man has been up to as of late.

But he really needs to get back on topic. Jotaro clears his throat, idly plucking some loose thread from his shirt. “I-- I was going to tell him today. He couldn’t go to school, though. So I didn’t. Now I want to tell him but in a better way.”

“What? A better way?”

“I don’t want him to think I’m half-assing this. I want him to know I mean every word. ”

Polnareff whistles, impressed. “Damn. And you still want my help don't you, lover boy?”

Jotaro nods in response, forgetting that the other can’t see him over the phone.

“Uh, ok then. You two just started summer break, right? Let’s meet at my apartment tomorrow afternoon! We’ll figure things out then. Might be better than over the phone. So… I’ll text you when I finish my classes tomorrow, yeah?” He tries to fit in a parting sex joke before hanging up, but Jotaro beats him to ending the call before he can even finish saying “sex-uation” for, god, the third time. That whole experience just now? Terrible. And he never wants to go through anything like that again.

But, as terrible as it was, he did get what he wanted out of it. He now has a plan in the works thanks to Polnareff and an entire summer to put in motion. Jotaro sighs and rubs his temples, trying to calm down from everything that just happened and convince himself that no, there’s no way this can backfire. It’s Polnareff. He trusts him enough, even if the guy is a little weird. It’s the old man he doesn’t trust.

Jotaro leans back on his bed and stares up at the ceiling, glaring at it as if his grandfather’s face was carved out in the wood. If he’s known about this for a while, has he told Holly? Does Holly know? Oh, god. No. Jotaro doesn’t even want to consider that.

So he doesn’t. Not now. He’ll worry about that later. To take his mind off things, Jotaro goes through his contacts again and opens up his recent chat history. There’s nothing new, aside from the 30 unread texts he’s received from Holly over the past day about some movie she saw with her friends downtown. He hovers over the messages from Kakyoin earlier that day, presses his lips together in a thin line, and opens up a new text.

[ Hey. ]

...Hey, what?

Jotaro quickly deletes the entry before he can attempt to send it, and then spends the next five minutes debating whether he should send anything at all. He tries out another several different messages, deleting one right after the other, before finally giving up and tossing his phone aside with a sigh.

This is gonna be one long summer. 