Ciel could understand Sebastian's attitude as of late. Nothing could prepare either of them for the fact that they were forever bound. They no longer acted as they had in the past. These days they hardly spoke at all. After Sebastian had built Ciel a home on the outskirts of Hell, he'd busied himself with cleaning, going about his usual schedule. Ciel busied himself with his thoughts. He fought to figure out a way to turn this situation around. Sebastian had suffered a bitter loss, and Ciel was terrified of his new self. Sebastian needed freedom. Ciel needed a mentor. So Ciel turned to the contract. He thought over the initial promise, everything that was said on that day. And then it hit him.

The contract was invalid.

It had to be. No order could overrule the basics of the contract. Ciel made a wish, Sebastian got the boy's precious soul. Now that he could no longer provide the soul, didn't that mean that Sebastian could leave? Why hadn't Sebastian realized this? Why had he not yet disappeared from Ciel's side? The child, fledgling now, was confused. The only possible answer would be that Sebastian didn't know. He was probably too busy sulking about his predicament to think of a way out. If anything, he was most likely just visualizing different ways to kill his young master.

Ciel's thoughts drifted. What was the point in Sebastian being at his side for all eternity? Would Ciel be a helpless child forever? He could not yet dress himself, but he was learning now by paying closer attention to Sebastian. He would eventually learn how to defend himself. He must have some sort of demonic powers. He could very well become independent. And then what would be the use of his eternal servant?

So Ciel made his decision.

"Sebastian." The fledgling called softly from his new study. The elder would hear him, no matter where he was.

"Yes, young master?" The demon asked, appearing in front of the child. He had made it a point to be more free with the use of his demonic power in front of the little lord now that they were both demons. What was the point in hiding behind a human mask when neither was one?

"Sit. I must speak with you."

Curious, the ravenette sat before his master.

"I have been thinking about it and... I have realized that you don't have to be here."

"Is the young master implying that I'm no longer necessary?"

"Not quite. You are no longer obligated to remain by my side. Or to have anything to do with me, actually. Our contract is invalid. My orders can't bind you any longer. I no longer have a soul to offer you, so my side of the contract is impossible to accomplish. I've essentially broken the contract."

"What?" Sebastian really couldn't believe what he was hearing.

"Simply put, Sebastian... You're free."

A sharp pain cut through the two demons. Ciel's eye throbbed, and Sebastian's hand stung. Both yanked off the coverings they wore over their contract marks. Sebastian stared at his flawless skin, no dark markings marring the flesh. Ciel gawked at his mirror. He could see both brilliant sapphire eyes perfectly! No purple glow obstructed his view.

Sebastian was the first to speak, "It was really that simple? I could have realized and simply... left?"

"Perhaps both of us had to. I've been thinking it over for weeks, and the mark only disappeared well... just now."

"Weeks?"

"I had to be certain."

Sebastian scowled, "Well, at least you were sure."

"Not just about the contract!" The bluenette grumbled.

"What else then? Enlighten me, Ciel."

The fledgling was brought up short by the sudden use of his name. It was so strange to hear his name come out of the mouth that had spouted only "my lord", "young master", and the occasional "my lady" for seven years. Clearing his throat and shifting his gaze from the slightly irritated demon in front of him Ciel spoke, "I had to be sure I could survive without you."

Sebastian scoffed, "And you felt you were ready? Forgive me, little one, but you can't even dress yourself."

"But I can learn how on my own now. It seems my memory is better now that I'm a demon. I'll be able to recreate what I've seen you do. I'm sure I'll get the hang of it eventually. And maybe I could find a demon mentor... or something."

Sebastian laughed. Ciel glared at him. Honestly, he was trying to be serious.

"I doubt any demon would be willing to mentor a fledgling like you. I know from experience."

"Hmph."

"Really, Ciel, you should have thought this through before releasing me from our contract."

"What do you care anyway? Just go."

The not-butler continued to snicker as he walked towards the door, but he went quiet when he reached the doorway, "Well..."

"What is it?"

"I honestly can't leave a defenseless fledgling on his own like this. Especially not one that has no idea how to use basic demonic principles. It doesn't sit right with me."

Ciel rolled his eyes, "I don't need a mother, Sebastian."

"That is exactly what you need. That and a father. And as a demon, I can be both."

"What, like that angel?"

Sebastian only nodded.

"Seriously?"

"Of course. If I couldn't control my sex at will, what kind of demon would I be?"

"You're even more infuriating now."

"Well, I'm currently the one with the control, so little one, you will come with me."

But Ciel simply scowled and sunk down in his chair, "I don't have to."

"No, you don't. But you will." Sebastian smirked. His smile grew when the fledgling slowly slid out of his chair and walked towards him. They began to make their way out of the mansion.

"Where are we going?" Ciel asked after a time.

"My home."

"Really?"

"Yes. I'll need to teach you the basics before we head deeper into the realm..."

"Okay. Um... Sebastian..."

"Yes?"

"What's your real name? I doubt anyone else will be calling you by the name I gave you."

"Ah, many know me by my familiar, the raven, but my name is Malphas."

Sebastian, now Malphas, watched in amusement as Ciel closed his eyes and began repeating the name softly to himself. He could see the little demon's thoughts whirring as he tried to fix in his mind this new information.

"Malphas... hmm. It's a nice name..." Ciel muttered, "What did you mean by 'familiar'?"

"Do you remember how I came to you when we made our contract?"

"Yes... you were in the form of a... oh."

"Every demon is associated with an animal and can take the form of one. The more powerful ones can take on other forms besides our natural one, but we are always strongest when in the form of our familiar. Most demons often come to their contractees in that form, as it is one of our most natural ones."

"Do you think I have a familiar?"

"I don't see why not? You are a demon now. It would be only natural that you possess not just a familiar, but a true form as well."

"Will I ever get to see your true form?"

"Perhaps. Many demons feel freer walking about Hell in their true or familiar forms, but others, like myself, often take on a more human appearance, or remain in the form we took with our previous contract."

"You said something about more powerful demons?"

"Ah, yes. Hell's hierarchy is very similar to that of your beloved England. We have our Monarch, the High Prince Lucifer, and varying noble families. Each noble family is associated with a specific type of animal. My family, for instance, is associated with birds. My cousin's family is associated with arachnids. Spiders and ticks, for instance."

"Spiders? Wasn't..." Ciel's voice trailed off.

Malphas scowled, "You are correct with that train of thought. Claude is my 'beloved' cousin. As I have no siblings, he was the closest thing I had to a brother. We had a very basic sibling rivalry. But in recent years, he had become very jealous of me and my position."

"What position?"

"I mentioned how the hierarchy is similar? Well, my position is the equivalent of a Duke. Arachnae's was similar to a lowly lord. Simply a land owner."

"I see..."

"As you can imagine, he was horribly envious of my position, as well as my skill and power. He worked to reach my level but of course, he never could. Now that he's gone, there is no one else who can dream of surpassing me."

Ciel was quiet. He walked beside his new... what was Sebastian, no Malphas, to him now? What was he? No longer a butler, no longer a lord. What had they become? What would happen now? So many questions, and nothing he could answer himself. Actually, now that he began to think, he wondered how on earth he would be able to spend the rest of eternity like this. There really wasn't anything he could do now. Once again he was putting his life in someone else's hands. The same hands, really, just under a different name. Would he really ever be able to stop relying on this demon?

Ciel sighed quietly, drawing Malphas's attention. His face was thoughtful, his eyes far away as he sunk into his thoughts. Malphas watched him, ever amused and interested. The boy had, as of late, become oddly expressive. His stone mask was crumbling, and he didn't even seem to care, or even realize it. It was very different from the ever collected earl the raven had come to be a bit fond of. And he had, at least a little. Oh, parts of him despised the child. He'd been made to bark and fetch on command like a dog, he'd even been named after one, but he would never get the treat he was promised.

Then an idea sparked in the elder's eyes. But he could always find a new way for the fledgling to pay him back. After all, he would have to get used to certain ideas now that he was a demon. And he was never really pure to begin with. Yes, Malphas would come up with a way. For if he couldn't do so much for himself, what kind of demon would he be?