It was the first evening after the winter session. After three weeks of exhausting cow tests and colossus exams and additional sleepless nights of studying and panicking, everyone gathered in the very vintage living room at Jean's house in a welcome winter break from the university. It was the closest and also empty at the moment, since his parents had gone to visit his great-aunt in France.

When asked about a first impression of Jean, most people replied in a similar manner: a brash jerk on a verge of being a tactless swine. The more surprising it was to see him at his house. Édith Piaf's voice floated in the air from the stylish gramophone and all the folks plopped around in comfy armchairs, on a sofa, on the pillowed windowsill, or simply on large cushions that were brought down onto the soft, thick carpet. After a common agreement, all phones were stashed in a drawer of a china closet and there was no beer nor any other alcoholic beverages. They had planned a calm, comfortable, quiet evening, and here it was. Hot chocolate was administered and there were blankets at disposition. In one word, perfection.

I snuggled up in a soft blanket and sipped on my chocolate, still marvelling at the insanely beautiful interior of Jean's house. I had been here before a couple of times and I could never get enough of it.

Sasha's raised announcement pulled me out of thought. She was standing in the middle of the cosy room with a vicious smirk, cradling a small box while she stirred the contents with her hand. Everyone glued their stares to her in anticipation. She pulled out one scrap of paper and in a dramatic gesture she moved it in front of her face.

Then she read out loud my name. Well, crap.

There was a tiny room on the side of the one we occupied. It apparently used to be a very short corridor leading straight to the kitchen – it was around three by four feet and not much more than six feet high. It usually was filled with spare parts of furniture and Christmas decorations, but Jean removed the larger items from it for the occasion.

Reiner wiggled his eyebrows and I received a collection of smirks, giggles, and eager looks. One of them even seemed flustered and I quickly averted my gaze, feeling a blush creeping up my face at the very instant.

“Well, now,” Sasha said with a theatrical shock in her voice, approaching me. “Who will be the lucky one?”

I reached my hand into the box and grasped one paper leaf. I twirled it in my fingers and peeked down.