“Shintaro, it’s me.”

Midorima momentarily paused from scribbling notes before a sigh escaped his lips, his eyelids fluttering and bringing him back to focus.

“Akashi.” He answered. “It’s been a while.”

“Indeed. How’ve you been?”

“Fine. Busy. You?”

“Same.”

 “I see.” Reaching the end of his paper, Midorima set it aside along with a pile with similar contents before reaching for a folder from his drawer. His phone was squeezed in between his shoulder and cheek, giving his hands the freedom to multitask.

“How is everyone?” Akashi asked from the other end, and Midorima was quick to reply.

 “They’re fine, a bunch of idiots as always.” He heard Akashi chuckle, making him almost smile, but the pieces of paper before him half-captured his thoughts. There was a long pause that followed, only both of their calm breathing getting through the line. But soon enough he heard Akashi sigh.

 “…and Tetsuya?” Midorima seemed to freeze, fingers slightly crumpling the edge of a sheet he was holding. Akashi sounded tired but Midorima understood well enough where Akashi’s weariness came from. Deciding to drop everything he currently was doing and postpone them for later, he sat back and reclined on his chair, legs crossed and phone now delicately held by bandaged fingers.

 “He’s fine.” He answered, but Akashi did not say anything and so Midorima took it as a sign that his response was not satisfactory. His glasses fell down the bridge of his nose. “Kuroko’s the same as always. Nothing much has changed— he’s blunt, he’s easily bypassed, he looks the same as six years ago as if he never aged. Kise’s been bugging Kuroko about his personal fountain of youth as if such a thing really exists.”

Despite saying a bit much than usual, knowing that Midorima was not the talkative type, Akashi was not satisfied.

“And?” There was a hint of anticipation in Akashi’s voice, a sound that Midorima knew too well from the many times they had been conversing. He knew what exactly Akashi wished to know and it made him pull away his glasses so he could rub the bridge of his nose. Somehow, it seemed that he would be having a long night.

“He’s unmated, still.” There was a few seconds of silence before Akashi broke it with a sigh of what Midorima could pinpoint as relief.

“Still, huh?”

“Yes.”

“Any suitors?”

“My answer is still the same as the last time.” Midorima drummed his fingers on the armrest while his feet maneuvered his swiveling chair’s movements. He spun to the left, changing his view from his desk to the empty wall. Again, he heard Akashi chuckle as if he already knew the answer but decided to ask anyway.

“As expected of Tetsuya.” Akashi said with fondness that almost crushed Midorima’s heart. “How about that Beta from his highschool?”

Midorima rolled his eyes and turned his chair at another angle. This time he was facing the window, the moonless night reminding him of the hopeless situation Akashi believed he was in.

“Kagami? Please.” Midorima scoffed, knowing just as much as Akashi that the possibility of Kuroko ending up in Kagami’s arms was nonexistent. He did not know why Akashi even bothered to bring that up, aside from the not so popular fact that Akashi was wary of Kagami for reasons that only Midorima and Akashi himself knew.

“I honestly do wonder why he hasn’t chosen anyone yet when dozens are already on their feet.”

“How about you?” He asked with a bit of expectation that his question would catch Akashi off his guard, which would hopefully result to abrupt honest answers. But he knew better. Akashi responded with an answer that he seemed to have memorized from a book. 

“I prioritize my career, Shintaro. Such matters are of no importance to me as of the moment.

Feeling a bit on edge, words flew off Midorima’s mouth before he could even catch them.

“It’s funny because Kuroko said the exact same thing.” Although Kuroko’s priorities stretched on a mile longer than Akashi’s.

He could only imagine what Akashi was like as time stretched. If Midorima was not able to, at least a bit, take Akashi by surprise with his previous question, he could only assume that this time, with his unexpected remark, he was able to rattle the man on the other end.

“Did he, now?” If Midorima did not know Akashi well, he would not have taken the question seriously and brushed it off as sarcasm.

“Yes.”

“Well it’s nice to know that he’s goal oriented.”

It was an uncharacteristic response coming from Akashi, and Midorima would have managed to pull the corners of his lips to a smile if it were another occasion. What he felt after hearing the answer through the phone was disappointment; disappointed that Akashi pretended he was unaffected despite the tension that Midorima could feel all the way from London.

“Nice to know?” He repeated with disbelief, which he made sure was obvious for Akashi to sense. He shook his head and calmed himself down. “Did it ever occur to you that Kuroko could be waiting?”

“Waiting for what?”

Midorima rubbed his temples. He could feel a headache coming. Why was Akashi making things so complicated? Why ask him a question that he already knew that answer to?

“For you.” He answered, and when he heard Akashi’s forced laughter, he shook his head. The only reason why the situation seemed hopeless was because Akashi believed it to be.

“Don’t be absurd. It’s been a long time.”

“I’m not being absurd.” Midorima was now clutching his phone tightly as he bit back the urge to raise his voice. The laughter died down and Akashi’s heavy breathing took over.

“Maybe you’re right.” Akashi said, voice low. “Then again, maybe you’re not.”

“Akashi—”

“Tell me, Shintaro, do I have a reason to go back?”

“Someone’s waiting for you.” Midorima was quick to give an answer, an image of two people flashing quickly in his mind. “That's more than enough reason for you to—”

“Seven days.” Midorima stopped, heart now beating fast as he waited for Akashi to continue. “Seven days, Shintaro, and I’ll be back.”

It took a while for him to respond. He straightened his back, his eyes slightly widened. He spun himself facing his desk to look at the small flipping calendar on his table.

“For real?” He asked, and he could picture Akashi’s face painted with amusement as he nodded his head.

“For real.”

“Why all of a sudden?”

There was a pause and a bit of shuffling on the other end of the call.

“If what you’re saying is true, then I think it’s time to go home.” Midorima, if it were not for his pride, would have spilled tears then and there. Even without saying anything more, he understood completely what Akashi meant to say. “Well that, and because our main headquarters is based there in Japan. It’s about time my father steps down and I take over it.”

Midorima chewed on his bottom lip as he processed the words. Akashi still opted to act mighty and stubborn, pretending that him going back was not a big deal, even after he had shown Midorima a glimpse of his heart hidden behind his cold, hard façade.

He wanted to stand up and walk out, book a ticket and maybe meet Akashi halfway just to punch said man square in the face. It did not help that Midorima knew everything and that he had to shield the truth from both ends— Akashi’s and Kuroko’s. Even if he was not the only person who got tangled in the mess of secrets that had accumulated in the past years, it was he who was closest to Akashi, and it was he who carried a heavier weight. Running his hand through his green hair, Midorima suppressed a sigh and swallowed back down the rants and complaints he was tempted to say.

“Of course.” he managed to say. There was the sound of footsteps from Akashi’s end.

“I called to inform you of my arrival.” And to confirm that he will have someone to go back to, Midorima thought.  “I apologize if I interrupted your work, Shintaro.”

“It’s fine. I’m used to it.” Akashi laughed at his response. It irked him a bit, but he easily let it go. The footsteps he could hear from Akashi’s background ceased and once again, there was only Akashi’s tensed breathing.

“I’ve missed a lot, haven’t I?” Akashi asked and Midorima clenched his jaw, the heaviness in his heart weighing more and more as the question was kept hanging for longer.

“Yes.” He swallowed and wet his chapped lips. “Yes you did.” You have no idea.

“Well then, see you in a week.” Akashi’s voice shook. Midorima closed his eyes. His head began to ache.

“Yeah.”

Kuroko was woken up with the smell of something sweet coming from the kitchen. Given their average living space, it was easy to know everything that was going on in their home even if he stayed put at one place. The smell was heavenly, making his stomach rumble but at the same time, tempting him to go back to sleep and satisfy his hunger with candy-filled dreams. But the sudden spacious bed, the absence of a small warm body that was supposed to be curled up against his chest, forced him to detach himself from the comfort of the thick covers.

 The door was already half-open, and as Kuroko climbed down the bed his legs dragged the blanket down the floor, but it went past his notice. His thoughts were still hazed after having just got up. When he went past their bedroom, he squinted at the sudden bright light that came from the windows amplified by the white lights from the kitchen. He blinked and rubbed his eyes. Seated on one of the stools was a child who bore the same light blue eyes as his, which was a contrast of her dark red hair.

“Chiasa-chan.” He called, voice still a bit edgy. The girl turned her head towards him and immediately her face was adorned with a tiny smile. She angled herself properly, getting ready to push herself off from the height of the stool she was sitting on.

“Mama,” She jumped off, her hair swaying behind her as she walked towards Kuroko who was already crouching down with open arms. “good morning.”

“Good morning too, Chiasa-chan.” He gave her a peck on the forehead before peering over her shoulder, spotting Kagami’s back against them. Said man was busy flipping pancakes on his pan, oblivious as ever to the new smell that entered the kitchen.

“Kagami-san is cooking chocolate chip pancakes.” Chiasa explained with a hint of excitement in her voice, making Kuroko smile. “But I helped too, mama!”

“Really?” Kuroko’s eyes lit up. “If that’s the case then I cannot wait to eat!”

Her eyes mirrored the same spark in his own, and shortly, Kuroko was being pulled towards where Chiasa was previously seated. While Kagami busied himself with the pancakes, Kuroko went to work on tying Chiasa’s hair up with a black and thin band that he always kept around his wrist, which was exactly for the purpose of tying her hair. They both engaged in a light conversation, with Chiasa telling him stories and asking questions that Kuroko tried to answer with the best of his abilities. Even if the questions bordered on ‘why is Kagami-san’s eyebrows like that?’ to which Kuroko had difficulty in answering.

“Why don’t you ask Kagami-kun yourself, Chiasa-chan?” He offered, but she simply looked and stared at Kagami’s back before shaking her head. At this, Kuroko’s eyebrows were raised. “Is there something wrong?”

“I tried to ask him a while ago.” She answered, shooting another glance at Kagami’s back. It was then that Kuroko realized that Chiasa was hoping that Kagami would turn around and notice them. Kuroko secured that Chiasa’s hair was neatly tied up before he moved to be able to face his daughter, meeting her eyes.

“Do you want me to show you a trick, Chiasa-chan?” He asked, unidentifiable mischief sparkled in his seemingly blank irises. Chiasa nodded and it was all he needed to execute. Without even trying, he sneaked up behind Kagami, who still was unaware of Kuroko’s presence. He looked back at Chiasa; the girl was now watching him expectantly. Kuroko smiled, Chiasa nodded, and without letting another second pass by, Kuroko stood on the tip of his toes and blew hot air at the back of Kagami’s ear.

“Fuck!”

The man’s reaction afterward was not disappointing and Kuroko was quick to walk back and return beside his now thoroughly amazed daughter. Chiasa’s lips were parted in delight as she watched Kagami jump up and freak out, a string of english curses pouring out of his mouth.

“Mama, Kagami-san is cursing, isn’t he?” Chiasa looked up at him with wide, glossy eyes.  Despite not liking that his daughter could now actually understand what Kagami was saying, Kuroko nodded and failed to retract the small smile from his lips.

“Yes he is, and it’s a bad habit so don’t be like Kagami-kun, okay Chiasa-chan?” Chiasa nodded in understanding before whipping her head back to now see a flustered Kagami looking back at Kuroko with surprise.

“Oi, Kuroko! Since when did you— never mind.” Kagami rolled his eyes, one hand ruffling his own red hair and making it messier. “Was that you? Oh no, wait, don’t answer that. It was you.”

“Good morning to you too, Kagami-kun.” He greeted, amusement painted on his face. “You’re rather early today. Chiasa-chan told me you were making chocolate chip pancakes.”

“Hah. Yeah. Your Kuroko-chibi requested for it.”

“My name is Chiasa, Bakagami-san.”

“Oi!” Kagami’s funny eyebrows furrowed as he pointed a finger at Chiasa who pretended to cower in her mama’s embrace.

“Kagami-kun,” Kuroko faked a frown. “Please don’t shout. She’s just a child.” Kagami grunted and was about to retort but Chiasa beat him to speaking.

“Kagami-san should get mated. He’s turning really grumpy.” She said, even giving him a pointed look. When she noticed that Kagami was about to snarl back, Chiasa once again clung to Kuroko. “Right, mama?”

“Yes, you’re right, Chiasa-chan.” Of course, Kagami thought. “Kagami-kun should really get a girlfriend.”

“Or a boyfriend!” Chiasa exclaimed and Kuroko nodded, repeating his daughter’s words.

“Or a boyfriend, indeed.”

Kagami’s eyes twitched. He obviously just had been ganged up and played by the two omegas before him, but after years of looking out for both parent and child, Kagami was already plenty used to the light bullying from the duo. Besides, they never failed to show him gratitude for all the cooking (and babysitting) he had done for them. Even in the simplest form, like Chiasa trying to massage his sore hands or Kuroko treating him out for burgers, Kagami could always feel the appreciation for his efforts. It was during those moments that he would remember what Chiasa and Kuroko’s nature really were— the gentlest, kindest, most caring, most comforting to be with, in the hierarchy. 

He simply found himself shaking his head and returning back to cooking the few left, at the same time hiding the smile that crept on his face. From an outsider’s point of view, they would be the picture of a perfect family without any doubt. Chiasa had the same hair, just with an obviously lighter and striking shade, but it was red all the same. She can be easily mistaken as his.

“Bakagami-san is awfully slow.” He heard Chiasa complain followed by Kuroko’s giggles.

“Shut up, kid, or you’re not getting any.”

But he never did once try to pursue Kuroko, and never will he even try to court him. Because Kagami believed that with the six years of doing the same routine (he most often than not slept at Kuroko’s house), being able to establish a deeper, stronger connection not only to Kuroko but to Chiasa as well, one that could possibly pass as a lover’s and a father’s affection, if they were truly to be mates for life and that child was to acknowledge him as her father, it would have happened already a long, long, long time ago.

Kagami was not stupid. Although he did not mind, he knew that the family was not meant to be his.

“Don’t be mean to Chiasa-chan.” Kuroko jokingly scolded and Kagami only rolled his eyes before turning around with a plateful of newly cooked pancakes. The smell wafted in the air, and even if he could not sense-slash-smell-slash whatever it was that alphas could do to read omegas, he knew for sure that both Chiasa and Kuroko were delighted and famished with how their usually blank eyes sparkled. Especially Kuroko.

“Did you not eat dinner last night?” He asked. Kuroko looked at him knowing that it was only he who Kagami was pertaining to. Chiasa was already reaching for her own plate of pancakes.

“I was busy. There were a lot of papers to check.” was Kuroko’s easy reply as he rounded the table to fetch the bottle of syrup from one of the cupboards. Kagami frowned.

“You ought to take care of yourself more.” Kagami, by habit, reached out and ruffled Kuroko’s rebellious bed hair. He faintly heard the soft purr the man emitted from the touch before blue eyes looked up at him with a soft smile.

“Yes mother.” Kuroko answered before walking back towards Chiasa and giving her the bottle of syrup.

“Whatever.” Kagami muttered to himself and decided to get his own plate. He waited for the two to get their share, with Chiasa’s plate having two pancakes and Kuroko’s had only one.

There were about a dozen more left, making Kagami sigh. He knew better than try to feed Kuroko more than what the omega got for himself.

“Any plans today?” He asked before shoving a mouthful of panckes in his mouth. He watched as Kuroko and Chiasa drizzled an excessive amount of syrup on their food.

“Ah, now that you mentioned it.” Kuroko paused, eyes lost for a moment as if he was trying to remember something. “Kise-kun and Momoi-san messaged me last night. They’re going shopping today.” He turned to Chiasa, hand gently patting her head. “And they’re asking if you want to come, Chiasa-chan.”

The child looked up at Kuroko with her cheeks puffed up full of pancakes. She chewed with her mouth closed, careful not to make a sound just like what Kuroko told her along with how improper it was to talk with a full mouth. Chiasa replied with a nod and her eyes widened a bit. The smell in the air was filled with childish anticipation.

“Alright, I’ll call them.” Kuroko kissed the top of her head. “Finish your food first, okay?”

She gave another nod and Kuroko turned to see Kagami already holding and handing him the phone. He took it with a smile, his lithe fingers brushing against Kagami’s rough ones.

“Thank you, Kagami-kun.”

It took but a few rings before Kise’s ever so lively voice nearly blasted through the line, and Kuroko had to put the phone away from his ear for a moment. He saw Kagami staring at the phone, a little bit surprised that he could hear Kise from where he stood. The conversation was surprisingly fast, and Kagami quietly observed the subtle expressions that appeared on Kuroko’s face. Without the ability to detect smell, years being close to Kuroko helped him at least decipher the tiniest changes in the man’s face, tone, and behavior.

“I’ll see you at ten, Kurokocchi!” Kagami heard Kise from the phone.

“Don’t be late, Kise-kun.”

“I won’t! I’ll also tell Momoicchi! See you later!”

“See you later.”

 The phone call ended.

“I have no idea where Kise gets his energy.” Kagami commented with a shrug of shoulders. Kuroko raised a brow at him and for a time, he waited for the man to speak. But Kuroko simply continued to stare at him, face void of any emotion and it made Kagami feel as if his omega friend was judging him. He was chewing his pancakes slower, own red eyes trying to read Kuroko but failing. “W-what?”

Kuroko stared at him for a little while longer before a smile finally, to Kagami’s relief, broke out.

“Nothing, Kagami-kun. I was merely trying to freak you out. Did it work?”

“Shut up.” Kagami spat, and the amusement in Kuroko’s eyes meant that he was able to give the man the answer he needed.

“Mama, I’m done.” Their heads both turned towards Chiasa, and she looked back at them looking neat and proper with her hands flat on her lap, back straight. The fork was properly placed at the right side of her now spotless plate, an indication that she just finished her meal. Kagami could see approval in Kuroko’s eyes.

“Alright, go take a bath already while I prepare your clothes, okay?”

“Okay.”

He helped Chiasa off the chair, and she jogged immediately towards the bathroom, her light footsteps not making a sound against the floor. Both Kuroko and Kagami waited until Chiasa completely disappeared behind the door. A heavy breath escaping Kuroko as he took Chiasa’s vacated seat and Kagami was quick to walk and stand by his side, gently placing a mug of freshly brewed coffee. A big, warm, and calloused hand cradled the side of Kuroko’s face and he let Kagami’s thumb gently run over the bags under his eye.

“You’ve barely slept.” Kagami said and observed that Kuroko did not lean against his touch, as always. He was never pried away either. “You’re pushing yourself too much.”

“Am I?” Kuroko sighed wearily but kept smiling. “I just want to do my best, for her.”

“You’ve been holding up your best since you had her.”

“But it’s not enough, is it?”

Kagami was silent for a moment. A suggestion he had lone been telling Kuroko surfacing up on his thoughts.

“Don’t you think it’s about time you find…” He trailed, not bothering to finish as he knew that Kuroko would pick up the message. There was a soft hum, Kuroko sounded like he was actually thinking about it but Kagami knew that the idea he offered did not even make it past Kuroko’s mental debate panel. Instead, he looked up at Kagami and batted his eyelashes as he reached for the creamer.

“Oh my,” he spoke with a teasing tone. “Is Kagami-kun hitting on me?”

Snorting, Kagami pulled his hand away and crossed his arms over his chest before biting out an “As if.” It made Kuroko laugh, at least. When the laughter died down, and Kuroko was halfway through reaching an average sized Mason jar full of sugar, Kagami went on. “Haven’t met someone good enough, yet?”

Kuroko briefly glanced at him before focusing back to mixing himself a cup of coffee. He did not give an answer.

“Or maybe you never even considered finding a mate.”

He was answered by the sound of the teaspoon clinking against the mug as Kuroko stirred his drink. No answer.

“Are you still waiting for him?”

Kuroko’s wrist paused, his blue glassy eyes reflecting the swirling pool of brown liquid below him. It was almost hypnotizing, but he caught himself before he drowned. Keeping his face neutral, he brought the cup to his lips and sipped against the edge. Bitterness exploded in his mouth. He needed more sugar.

“Kuroko,” Kagami pressed, and sensing the impatience in Kagami’s tone, Kuroko turned to look at his friend.

“I’m not waiting for anyone.” He answered simply before continuing on putting more sugar in his coffee. “I just want to be a good parent to Chiasa. I don’t need anyone.”

“You’re ly—.”

“Sometimes I wish you were an alpha, Kagami-kun.” Kuroko took a sip from his coffee, finally finding the taste to his liking. He could feel Kagami’s eyes on him, waiting for him to continue. “Because then, all you’ll have to do is sniff the air and know that I am saying the truth. I’m not shaken, I’m not longing for something, someone, anyone.” Kuroko placed his mug down and looked at Kagami in the eye. “That I’m completely satisfied with my life now.”

“But what if he comes back?” Kagami asked, fighting the urge to give up the conversation. He rarely had talks like this with Kuroko because Chiasa was always around, and the things they discussed were topics that the child should not hear.

“Then he comes back.”

“Will you tell him?” Kuroko was now feeling irked with the questions he had no idea where Kagami picked up. Why the talk all of a sudden? His eyes narrowed.

“Kagami-kun, if he comes back then he comes back but until then, I don’t want to burden myself with such thoughts. I want to focus on Chiasa, and Chiasa alone. I prioritize her happiness and her future more than anything else..” Kuroko was to take another sip but decided against it, feeling his appetite for caffeine disappear. He placed the mug down with a bit of force, making the contents spill a little and crawl down the side. He stood up. “If you’ll excuse me, Kagami-kun. I still have to prepare Chiasa-chan’s clothes.”

Kagami could only watch Kuroko’s back retreat towards the single room in the whole apartment. He scowled, not at all happy with the way Kuroko reacted with his questions. It was true. He was no alpha so there was no telling what Kuroko really felt. But then again even if he were an alpha, he doubted he would be able to sense anything, any sort of emotion from his stubborn friend. Because as far as he knew, Aomine and Midorima were both alphas yet when they tried to squeeze anything out from Kuroko, at the end of the  day they were empty handed. Even Kise, who they thought would be able to understand Kuroko’s sentiments being a fellow omega, failed considerably.

Up to this day, no one knew what exactly went on Kuroko’s mind, and it did not help that the others heard nothing from Akashi as well.

“Kagami-kun?” Kagami was startled to hear Kuroko’s voice. The sharp edges on his words had disappeared. Kuroko’s head was peeking from the bedroom door.

“Y-yes?”

“Since you’re here, can you please wash the dishes?” The cold expression on Kuroko’s face was gone too. Kagami was not sure if the quick change was a good thing or not.

“It’s not like I have a choice.” He grumbled under his breath and Kuroko’s eyes softened.

“Thank you, Kagami-kun.” It must have been his imagination or from his overthinking, but Kagami felt as if Kuroko was thanking him for a lot more reasons than the dishes. He decided to let it go, knowing that thinking about it too much would lead him to nowhere. He scratched the back of his neck and turned his back against Kuroko.

“Yeah, whatever.”