Tsuna crouched behind a pile of rubble, the hood of his too large coat pulled low over his face, almost hiding the shine of his eyes.

There was a group of men standing around not far from him – three of them, all dressed in Millefiore uniforms. Except… not quite. They weren't quite right. White coats with shoulder guards, belts here and there – the likeness was good, but they lacked the craftsmanship of the actual Millefiore uniforms.

Bandits, probably, pretending to be Millefiore. They had a lot of guts, Tsuna had to hand them that, though he could see why they would. At a distance the likeness was striking and probably was enough to ward away most potential threats.

Tsuna wasn't much of a threat to anyone, though.

"Fuck, it's getting cold," one of the men pretending to be something even worse than they actually were muttered, rubbing his bare hands together. "We should head back, there ain't anything here."

"Then why are they still doing passes here?" another man muttered, his hands tucked in his pockets, chin tucked into the high collar of his white coat, trying to ward off the chilly wind. "There must be something here, or they wouldn't bother with this place anymore. Probably a lot of people, at least."

"And they're worth freezing our balls off, that it?" the first muttered and glanced at the third. "Anything?"

The third man was fiddling with a busted up walkie-talkie, trying to get a signal. "Does it sound like I'm getting anything?" he muttered, twiddling a dial. "Fucking – I think the cold's draining the battery or some shit. Or maybe the buildings are interfering with the signal."

"Well, let's get higher up," the first man said and glanced around. "There," he nodded. "That looks mostly intact – we should be able to get on the roof."

He was looking towards Namimori Middle School – which incidentally wasn't all that intact. It was missing most of its side, and Tsuna knew for a fact that the back of the school had completely crumbled. But the fake-Millefiore were right bout one thing – you could get on the roof. If you were dumb enough.

"Come on," the bandit with his hands in his pockets muttered. "Let's get out the fucking wind."

Tsuna waited, still as a stone, as the bandits sauntered towards the school in a weird mixture of outward confidence and obviously shaking knees. Apparently their fake uniforms weren't too warm, but then they probably couldn't add too many layers – it would've ruined the aesthetic.

Letting himself be amused by that for a moment, Tsuna waited until they were out of sight and then left his shelter behind the pile of rubble. As quiet as he could be, he crossed over the street and into the shade of another building, ducking down low under the nearest cover – a trash container. So hidden, he continued on, leaving behind the neighbourhood he'd once considered safe and heading further into the city.

Namimori was mostly in ruins, the whole of it. There wasn't a single building left that hadn't lost bits and pieces – most of the skyscrapers in the city centre had crumbled down long ago, unable to support their own weight. What had once been a bustling city with about a quarter of a million people now housed a population of a handful of scavengers that tried their best to avoid each other – and the occasional group of bandits who came in and left when they found the legendary ruins utterly devoid of anything usable.

Legendary. What a laugh.

His head ducked low, Tsuna stopped at a corner of a building to check the area. Tucking his hood lower by habit, he narrowed his eyes and let the weird sixth sense he'd developed guide his vision. It caught a turned over container of old newspapers, the chilly wind rustling at the stained pages. It caught a few dry leaves still clinging to the crooked branches of a long dead decorative tree. It caught a rat at the further end of the street that peeked out of a hole in a wall of what had once been a quaint little café – it was there and gone in an instant.

Tsuna blinked and once he was sure there was no one in sight, he left the shelter of the alleyway and headed for the café. A rat was usually a good sign, after all. Where there were rats, there was usually food.

The café had been looted long ago – indeed, it wasn't the first time Tsuna himself had checked it. The place was polished clean now – even the furniture was gone. There'd been little wooden tables and chairs there once, and the counter had been mostly wooden too. Judging by the looks of the broken shards, all of them had long since been chopped up for firewood.

Which probably meant someone had lived in the café sometime between now and when Tsuna had checked it the last time.

Taking cover in the shadows nearest to the entrance, Tsuna waited guardedly for a moment, watching and listening. He could hear the skittering of the rat, and the rustling of the newspapers outside, but nothing else. The café was, for now, abandoned.

He headed deeper in, sneaking past the remains of the counter and through the doorway to the back room. It had been rearranged – the metal tables where someone had once upon a time cooked a variety of pastries had been arranged into a barricade, protecting the heavy door in the back – the one leading to the freezer. Tsuna made his way towards it, jumping nimbly over the makeshift barricade and then pulling heavy freezer very slowly open.

There were two corpses inside – both in various stages of decomposition. And of being eaten.

Well. There went any plans he had of trying to catch the rats here.

Tucking his scarf up to shield his nose from the smell of the dead bodies, Tsuna began to check the little hideout. It was easy to see why the dead people had taken shelter in the freezer – it was small and, being a freezer, well isolated. There was a makeshift oven in the corner that had probably been enough to keep the people warm with very little fuel. There was still some fuel left in the oven.

Judging by the makeshift bandages scattered around, it wasn't the cold that had killed them. One or both had gotten injured – and it didn't even matter how badly. Just a small nick was enough these days.

Tsuna ignored the twinge of grief over them, and instead checked what they had stored in the couple of stained backpacks just beside their makeshift bed.  There were some clothes, sanitary items, a couple of books, one had a photo album which Tsuna very resolutely didn't even glance at, some pens and paper… One of them had kept a diary. Tsuna didn't look at that either.

He took the mostly empty bottle of bleach and the heavily diluted hand soap, pushing both into his own backpack. Then, at the very bottom of one of the packs, he hit a jackpot. A couple of cans of fruit and a very carefully packed sack of rice.

"Thank you," Tsuna murmured to the bodies as he quickly took the food. "I'm sorry. Rest in peace."

After checking the little hideout for anything else useful, Tsuna retreated. He was tempted to close the door to the freezer and preserve the bodies from the rats that had obviously been helping themselves to them, but… well. Rats needed to eat too. And he wasn't really in a position to critique what they ate, considering how much of his own diet was made of them, these days.

So he left the freezer instead, crouching down again to keep out of view of the windows. Then, sneaking to the back door, he froze and listened.

Gunshots in the distance – three powerful shots fired at a steady pace, one after another. Seemed like the bandits had gotten on top of Namimori Middle School. Poor bastards.

Ducking his head low, Tsuna continued on. The night was young and he had a lot more to scavenge before returning home.

 

 

Tsuna snuck in through the window, shimmying in with practiced ease, his sneaker clad feet landing soundlessly on top of the washing machine that hadn't worked in years. Quickly he turned around and reached out through the window to pull a trash container to cover the window, hiding it from outside view. Even then, in the shelter of his current hideout, he didn't relax instantly, stopping instead to listen. Even though he hadn't seen any signs of intruders, you never knew.

It was silent, and with a shudder Tsuna let himself exhale and drop down to the floor.

"I'm home," he murmured, and made his way out of the washing room and into the main basement – the only thing left of the house. What had once been a two story building had long since been razed to the ground – now only a pile of rubble remained on top. How the basement had survived, Tsuna wasn't sure, but it made a good hideout. One of the best he had had in a while.

With a sigh, Tsuna dropped to sit on the mould stained couch in the middle of the basement, running a hand over his face. It had been a good night, given the value of good these days. Food, soap, bleach – he'd even found an interesting looking book on his way back. He'd survive to scavenge another day, judging by the looks of it.

"I did pretty good today, mom," he said, glancing towards the makeshift shrine in the corner. "I saw some people from out of town today too – so I guess the world's still trucking on. Some thugs, dressed up as Millefiore. It was kind of funny. They decided to go to Namimori Middle School to try and get a signal on their walkie-talkie. Obviously out of town, yeah?"

No one who was actually from Namimori was stupid enough to do something like that. No one knew why, but Namimori Middle School was the spot for snipers. For the last several years, no one who went there came out alive.

Not that there were that many original Namimori citizens left. He hadn't seen anyone decent in weeks.

Shaking his head, Tsuna shrugged his backpack off and then checked his loot. "I indulged a bit," he admitted, taking the book out. It was some fantasy novel judging by the cover – it had a guy with a sword on it. "It's nothing useful, but I had space in my backpack so…" he shrugged and set it aside. Later, once he was done reading it, it would make good fire starter.

Tsuna stared at the book for a while and then sighed, dropping it in his lap and leaning his head back and against the backrest of the couch. He should clean up now that he had soap, maybe even wash some of his clothes. And he should get the fire going before it got too cold. And he should maybe eat something now that he had a bit of extra.

"I found fruit, mom," he said with a slight smile. "Just a can of fruit cocktail – who knows how bad it is by now, but… its fruit. Man, I can't wait to have a taste…"

He didn't, though. Instead he curled up on the couch, tucking his too large coat tighter around himself. Shuddering slightly, he hugged himself and stared at the shrine.

How long it had been since he'd buried her?

"Good night, mom," Tsuna murmured and closed his eyes.

 

 

 

He woke up instantly, eyes opening in a flash of orange. There was a rhythmic thrumming in the air, distant and faint and easily recognizable. A helicopter, maybe half a mile out, approaching fast.

Millefiore.

Tsuna lay still for a moment, listening. Then he rolled up in one smooth motion, picking up his backpack and shoving everything he could quickly get his hands on into it. What he'd found yesterday and what he'd already owned – the food he had stored, some of his extra clothes, the other essentials. Finally, he quickly went to the shrine and after a quick prayer, he grabbed the only picture he had left of Sawada Nana, and tucked it into his inner pocket. Then, without pausing, he headed for the laundry room, and jumped up on the washing machine.

He was already a few blocks away from his hideout when the bombing started. Why the Millefiore were still bombing Namimori no one knew, but those who still lived there knew the drill. Whenever a helicopter came, the bombing started.

Namimori was the first city the Millefiore had destroyed – and still no one knew why. That was why it was legendary these days – that was where it had started. Or who knew – Tsuna figured the Millefiore take over had probably stared somewhere else, in politics and shady dealings that had given the Millefiore all their power and resources and everything else they had. But the utter disaster, the apocalyptic destruction? That had started with the bombing of Namimori. And on and off they were still bombing Namimori to this day.

Tsuna didn't stop to see what they were bombing today – it didn't matter. He expected the worst, he always did. That was why he was alive today.

Somehow, his hideout would always get hit in these bombings. It didn't matter where he hid at that time – it would always be hit. If he didn't know any better, he would've said that they were actually targeting him, somehow.

The noise of the approaching helicopter got louder until it was thundering against the shells of mostly crumbled buildings and making the very ground tremble. The first explosion followed not much after. Tsuna glanced towards it, eyes gleaming. About five, six blocks away and aimed right at the buildings. He needed to hurry.

The next explosion was closer, four blocks. After that it was close enough that he could hear the whistle of the missile as it was fired just before it impacted and the third explosion shook the ground. It was close, it was worryingly close – if it hadn't taken out his hideout, then the next one would.

Tsuna ran, trying to get out of the helicopter's path by taking a sharp left, taking cover as much as he possibly could – but right now, hiding wasn't as important as getting away. These helicopters usually only carried six missiles – sometimes they fired machine guns or whatever those were called, but usually it was just the bombing. Three missiles down meant three left and they were so close – if he wasn't careful, he would get caught in it.

He'd been close once when one of the missiles had hit. He had the scars to prove it – and he wasn't looking to get any more.

The fourth shell hit, and the street echoed with the impact. Tsuna grit his teeth, glancing over his shoulder – the damn helicopter wasn't flying in a straight line like usual. It had an arching route. Like he did.

It was as if it was actually following him.

Then the guns at the sides began to fire. The bullets impacted the street and with wide eyes Tsuna dove for cover just as the trail of bullets ran right past him, terrifyingly close. His heat beating hard, Tsuna stared at the trail of bullet holes in the street and then ducked lower as the guns made another pass – this time hitting the piece of wall he was hiding behind. The wall, what was left of it, trembled with each impact.

They were aiming at him. Had the people in the helicopter spotted him running and decided to make a game of him – or…

They couldn't be here just to kill him?

There was a whistle in air and Tsuna launched off at a dead run without a single second thought. The shell hit the wall he'd been hiding behind and the shock wave knocked him off his feet a split a second later, the heat of the explosion washing over him. Momentarily stunned, Tsuna stared at the ground. Shooting a random scavenger with a machine gun was one thing – but aiming a missile at them?

The helicopter hovered over him and Tsuna looked over his shoulder, eyes wide and blazing. They could see everything – the pilot and the co-pilot with their helmets and goggles and headphones. The gunner, waiving the machine gun on the side straight at him. He could see cameras – one inside the cockpit and another on the bottom of the helicopter. They were filming him.

Tsuna's eyes burned as he watched the co-pilot touch the microphone hovering over his mouth. "We have him. Yes sir, his eyes glow, just like you said," he could read on the pilot's lips. "Yes sir. Fire!"

And suddenly, there was silence. Tsuna stared up at the helicopter in incomprehension and it took him a moment to realise that the rotor blades were frozen, as was the helicopter, as were the people in the Millefiore uniforms inside. The heat of the explosion was gone, as was the noise of the destruction – and when Tsuna risked looking away from the helicopter, he saw that the flames were frozen in time.

Time had stopped.

So… this was what it was like when you died?

"You're not dead, Tsunayoshi Sawada," a voice said behind him, and turning to look Tsuna saw something that made just about as much sense as the suddenly frozen time. There was a girl in white floating in the air, with an enormous hat and a small tattoo on her cheek. She was smiling at him.

"Byakuran could feel the end coming," she said. "He knew we were about to undo what he's done. That's why he sent them to kill you. Even if you're not a threat here, it was the only revenge he could take."

"What?" Tsuna asked, pushing himself up slowly, staring. "What is this? Who's Byakuran?"

She smiled, the expression a little pained. "Reality has gone a bit weird," she said. "Byakuran is the leader of Millefiore, the man who is responsible for all of this. He has damaged many futures. This," she motioned around them, "is wrong in ways you probably don't understand. This shouldn't have happened. It shouldn't have been possible. It's being undone now."

"I don't –" Tsuna murmured, glancing up at the frozen helicopter. "I don't understand," he admitted with a frown.

The girl sighed. "That's alright," she said and smiled. "Just know that I'm thankful to you, we all are. Even if it wasn't you who helped us, it was a you, another you – and all of you are special in your own way."

Tsuna just stared at her, uncomprehending, and shook his head in denial. He was just another scavenger trying to get by, and this, whatever it was, was just about the most special thing that had ever happened to him.

The girl chuckled. "You are," she said and looked up, taking a deep breath and then exhaling slowly. "I'm not here, not really – I'm only here to see that time is set back properly, that these futures fade away as they should," she said. "But there's a price someone has to bare."

"I… I'm not…" Tsuna started and then stopped. Maybe this was all a hallucination or maybe he'd finally lost his mind – it didn't matter. It was a strange hope, but he grasped it with both hands. "You mean all this destruction, don't you? You will undo what Millefiore did to the world?"

"It is already being undone," the girl nodded, looking at him with a sad smile. "But there is a danger something like this might happen again, and to undo the future, the past has to be changed. Somebody has to bare the burden of this future, even here in this world where things went so very differently."

"And for some reason that someone is me," Tsuna said slowly.

"You are… you," the girl said like that meant something.

Tsuna swallowed. "If you can undo this future then do it," he said. "I don't care what I have to bare, just…" he shuddered. It wasn't something he'd allowed himself to think or dream about in a long time. "I want the peaceful past back."

The girl's smile widened at that. "You really are a very gentle Sky," she said and the world faded away.

