Joseph wasn’t entirely sure why Suzie had insisted on dragging him and Caesar along when she went to buy a brooch for her mother’s 50th birthday, but she had and so they went. He could sort of see why she’d wanted to bring Caesar―her cousin was a somewhat fashionable guy, he’d admit that―but Joseph wasn’t interested in these things at all. And he had been very vocal about this with his friends, telling them that he had better things to do with his Fridays than look at shiny shit, although, deep down, he did feel a little proud that Suzie wanted his advice on things. Naturally he would never say it out loud to them, but still. Besides, it wasn't really too much of an inconvenience, since he was meeting his mother later that day for dinner and had to go to the city anyway.

The jeweler’s Suzie took them to was a small place, right in the heart of Little Italy, since she always liked to support her fellow countrymen when it came to things like this. The big sign above the entrance proudly proclaimed its name to be “Gioielli da Genti di Pilastro” and Joseph squinted up at its cursive. His Italian was... decent―you couldn't not pick up the basics when you had as many Italians around you as Joseph Joestar did―but the name made no sense to him; was there an inside joke to it, or was he simply misunderstanding the words? What the hell were "pillar men"? He turned to Caesar to ask for his friend's opinion, but he had already entered the shop with Suzie, and Joseph hastily skipped after them in order to not get left behind.

The atmosphere in the shop was, well, unusual. It was a jeweler's alright, Joseph could see the rows of cabinets full of jewelry―bracelets, necklaces, earrings, and the like―as well as fancy watches and actual gemstones, just sitting there in little boxes. The room's décor, however, was beyond baffling, as it seemed more suited for a Hard Rock café than a jewelry shop. The lights were somewhat dim, and Joseph could easily hear the classic rock that drifted from the radio hidden somewhere in the room. Any part of the wall that wasn't obstructed by cabinets had rock band posters all over them, and even the cabinets themselves were like none Joseph had seen in a jeweler's before.

There had been no one behind the counter when they'd walked in, but the little bell that was above the door must have alerted the clerk to their presence, as one soon appeared in from the back. Joseph stopped dead in his tracks.

The shop clerk was... also unusual. He didn't look like a jeweler at all, in Joseph’s opinion anyway, though somehow he did fit the feel of the shop perfectly. His skin was dark and he had a nose ring, and huge, round earrings. He was also wearing an AC/DC t-shirt, the band's name stretched across his buff chest. And he was buff. Really buff. Joseph prided himself on being tall and muscular, he took very good care of his body after all, but this guy was even bigger than him, what the hell??

"Benvenuti," said the clerk, smiling as he leaned his hands on the counter. "Can I help you with something?"

Both Joseph and Caesar turned to look at Suzie, who blinked a few times, looking blankly at the clerk, before she clapped her hands together with an exclamation.

"Yes, I'm looking for something like a brooch," she said, stepping towards the counter. "My mother is turning 50 and I want to get her something special."

The clerk wrapped one of his arms around his waist and lifted the other to rub at his chin thoughtfully as Suzie went on to explain what exactly she was looking for. His deltoid was straining against the tight t-shirt and Joseph wasn't at all jealous of how amazing his muscles were, of course not. He turned away to stop himself from staring, catching Caesar's eye in the process. Caesar quirked an amused eyebrow, the corner of his lip twitching, but Joseph ignored him, turning instead to browse through the display of watches in the corner.

Around ten minutes after they’d arrived Joseph felt a buzz in his pocket and he hastily flipped out his phone, thanking god for providing a distraction. Because really, one could look through the selection of such a small shop only so many times before one went crazy. The text he'd gotten was from his mother.

«Got off work early, want to meet up now?»

Joseph quickly typed the shop's address to her and sent it just as Caesar stepped up behind him.

"Was that Lisa Lisa?" he asked, peering not-so-subtly at the phone's screen.

"Yup," Joseph said as the phone vibrated again. He checked the text before he continued, "She's done with work so she's coming over here. Shouldn’t take too long." He pocketed the phone and turned more towards Caesar, who hummed.

"Oh, is Auntie Lisa Lisa coming?" piped in Suzie from the other side of the room. Apparently she'd heard the exchange, but then again her hearing was out of this world. "That's great, I can ask for her opinion as well!" She smiled brightly, turning back to the vitrine of brooches and hatpins. Joseph groaned internally, and perhaps a little outernally as well. He'd been hoping he would be able to skip the rest of the no doubt long decision making process under the guise of dinner with his mother, but if Lisa Lisa was going to become a taste judge, what hope was there for him? He glanced over at Suzie who was holding two different brooches in her hands, looking very deep in thought.

That girl needs to learn how to decide on things faster, he thought with a frown. He could hear Caesar chuckle next to him and he turned to glare at his roommate.

"Don't be like that, Jojo," he said. "It's an important decision for her. It is her mother's 50th birthday after all."

"Sure, but I mean really, all those brooches look the same," Joseph argued. "I don't see how it matters whether it's the one shaped like a dove, or the one shaped like the other dove."

"And that is why she's only been asking for my opinion," Caesar said smugly.

Joseph made a very offended gasp, but his amazing comeback was cut short as the bell chimed again and Lisa Lisa walked in. She pushed her huge sunglasses on top of her head―she wore them year round, even in mid-January, although Joseph supposed it was particularly bright that day―and glanced around, spotting Joseph and Caesar quickly.

"That was fast," said Joseph as she walked over. She flicked her hair behind her shoulder.

"Hello, Jojo. Caesar. I had a meeting with a client in the area so the walk wasn't very long," she said, rummaging through her designer purse. She pulled out her phone, tapped at it a few times and then put it back. "Are you about done here, or...?"

"Auntie Lisa Lisa!" came Suzie's voice before she had time to finish the sentence. "Come here, I need your advice!"

"I'll take that as a no," said Lisa Lisa. She placed a hand on Joseph's cheek for a second, before turning away and walking over to the other side of the store, where Suzie was eagerly waiting for her. Joseph let out a long sigh.

"Can I help you gentlemen somehow?" came a new voice and the two men turned to look at the counter, surprised. Another clerk had arrived from the backroom, probably summoned by the bell that rang when Lisa Lisa entered the shop, and no way, he was not even bigger than the previous clerk, that was unacceptable. He had the same ridiculously big earrings as the other guy, a lip ring, and some kind of weird metallic headband wrapped around his head. He, too, was wearing a band t-shirt, although his said Wham!, which in Joseph's opinion wasn’t nearly as good of a band. It was also a lot tighter against the man's muscular chest.

"Uhhh," Joseph said, smartly, eyes fixated on the skin tight shirt.

"We're only here for moral support, really," supplied Caesar smoothly, but then paused. "Although... I've yet to find a present for zia Nina either, so..."

"Et tu, Ceasar?" Joseph whined as his backstabber of a friend walked towards the counter with a grin. He followed, if only because he was tired of just standing around.

The counter had vitrines in it too, Joseph noted when he was close enough. The one Caesar was looking at had earrings and the one next to it had rings. Engagement rings, Joseph presumed, based on their appearance. Since Caesar was conversing in Italian with Mr. Wham!, and Suzie was still keeping Lisa Lisa and Mr. AC/DC occupied by the brooches, Joseph really had nothing else to preoccupy himself with. He leaned in to have a closer look at the jewelry.

Joseph had never understood why proposals were made into such a huge deal. Or well, he did understand it, in a way. Promising to spend the rest of your life with someone was kind of a big thing, but he’d always thought that when he was actually ready to get married it would just come naturally. The words would stumble from his mouth like all his words did, without the need to make an overly complicated, elaborate, and romantic plan involving half the city, memorizing the entire Cats-musical, and an elephant.

At least... that’s what he assumed would happen. Marriage wasn’t exactly a thing he spent a lot of his downtime thinking about. Aside from the casual thing he'd had with that one exchange student couple of years back, he hadn't had a girlfriend since high school―and that hardly counted as a proper relationship! Really, it all seemed like it was in such a distant future, a wife and kids, a golden retriever that could run on the backyard of some suburban house, the whole nine yards. That was the American dream, wasn’t it? Truth be told, Joseph wasn’t entirely sure how he felt about it, but he’d figured he had time. He was only 23 after all.

And even if he was older than that, it’s not like marriage was a thing you could force yourself into, right? If he hadn’t found the right person, why should he rush into it? Grandma Erina wanting great-grandchildren hardly qualified as a reason for him to get hitched to someone he didn’t want to spend the rest of his life with. That wouldn’t be fair for anyone.

His mind had wondered for quite a bit when something caught his eye. It was a silver (or maybe white gold, that was a thing, right?) ring with nine round, pale blue diamonds embedded in it. They were like bubbles, forming a wavy line along it, first growing in size and then decreasing again towards the other side, the middle one being quite substantial in size. It was simple, and elegant, and it somehow reminded him of Caesar. He grinned to himself.

“Do you see something you like?” came Mr. Wham!’s voice and Joseph looked up, sheepish smile on his face.

“I dunno, I was just thinking that this ring is pretty cool,” he admitted, pointing through the glass.

“I see,” said Mr. Wham!, digging a keychain from somewhere and opening the back of the vitrine. “You can look at it closer if you like. This one, yes?” He’d picked it up and offered it to Joseph before he had time to object.

“Oh, no, that’s, well okay then,” Joseph said as the ring was placed on his palm. He brought it up to his face, turning it in his hands. It was even more beautiful up close, now that he could see the fine details and cuts of the diamonds better. There was a wavy groove going all the way around the ring, along which the diamonds had been set.

“Wow, you’re right,” said Caesar, who had leaned in close to get a look at the ring too. “That is a very beautiful ring. Blue diamonds are really rare, did you know that?” Joseph shook his head, still staring at the ring.

“That is quite true, signore,” Mr. Wham! said. “These particular diamonds are actually green blue, which are even rarer. A very special gift for a very special someone, hmm?” He was looking between the two of them with a knowing glint in his eyes. Suddenly Joseph became very aware of exactly how close together they were standing.

Caesar did a double take and then laughed, a little awkwardly. He waved his hand.

“Oh, no, Jojo and I aren’t―” he started but then Joseph had an idea. And, like all his ideas, it was amazing.

“Caesar,” he interrupted, and turned to face his friend, who was slightly startled by the sudden move and took a small step backwards. He locked their eyes, gazing intently at Caesar.

“Jojo?” Caesar asked slowly, looking a bit worried.

Joseph dropped down to one knee and held up the ring.

There was a pause. Caesar’s eyes were wide as he stared at the ring offered to him and Joseph could hear the “cazzo” he whispered under his breath. One look at Joseph’s face though and he seemed to get the joke, the look in his eyes shifting from panicked to amused.

“Caesar Antonio Zeppeli,” said Joseph slowly, keeping his best poker face. Caesar brought a hand to his mouth, to hide the smile tugging at his lips. “That's a pretty shit last name, don't you think? I think it’s about time we changed that to ‘Joestar’. Would you do me the grand honor of becoming my wife?”

“Jojo…” said Caesar, his words muffled against his hand. Joseph reached over, taking a hold of his left wrist, pulling the hand in front of him. Then he slipped the ring into Caesar’s finger. Amazingly enough, it fit perfectly. Joseph looked up at Caesar and grinned madly, about to burst out laughing at any moment. Caesar was shaking with barely contained laughter himself, hand still pressed tightly against his mouth.

There was a squeal from behind him and they both snapped their heads to see Suzie jumping up and down and clapping her hands, huge smile plastered on her face. She had her phone in her hand, its camera very clearly pointed in their direction.

Shit.

“I can’t believe you did that!” she was saying, her voice amazingly high pitched. “Right there in the middle of the shop! Oh my gosh, this is amazing, I’m so happy for you guys! Oh, oh, I need to call mom, she is not going to believe it finally happened!”

Shit.

Before Joseph had time to take two steps towards her, she was outside the shop, phone already at her ear. Joseph’s throat clamped up, the distinct feeling of dread growing in the pit of his stomach. What had she meant “finally”? There was a hand on his shoulder and he looked down to see his mother. Her other hand was on Caesar’s shoulder, and her expression was softer than he remembered seeing it… ever.

“Joseph,” she said, solemn. Joseph swallowed. “While I do think that a proposal is something that should be given a bit more consideration than that, I do want you to know I will always support you and your decisions, no matter what." She paused, a determined look settling on her face. "In fact, I will pay for that ring for you.”

She pulled out her wallet and stepped up to the counter. Joseph could feel the color draining from his face. That was really not how this was supposed to go. It was just a joke, why was everyone taking this so seriously? Dear god, did they think that he actually―?

“Oh god, mom, no, please, you don’t―” he started, stepping after her. Caesar was looking somewhat alarmed as well.

“Signora Joestar, there is really no need for that,” he said but Lisa Lisa cut them off with a wave of her hand.

“Oh no, I am paying,” she said, and her tone clearly said she wouldn’t take no for an answer. “I’ve only got one son, and I want to do this for him.”

“No, mom, you don’t understand―” Joseph tried again, but goddamn Wham! started talking over him.

“This is really quite unprecedented, I must say,” he said with a smile, punching the right amount into the cash register. “We’ve been in business for many, many generations, but this is the first time I’ve seen someone propose right here at the shop!” He laughed, as Lisa Lisa passed him her credit card. “I suppose when you find that perfect ring you really can’t wait any longer, huh? My most heartfelt congratulations to the both of you! Ah, do you need the ring to be resized?”

Caesar took a moment to realize the question was addressed at him. “Oh, uh, no, it’s a perfect fit, actually,” he said, taking a hold of his left hand, looking down at it somewhat dazed. Joseph whipped his head towards his roommate, expression yelling “Don’t encourage them!”, as Mr. Wham! nodded and handed Lisa Lisa her receipt.

“How lucky,” he said. Then he handed a small box to Caesar. “Here, the ring box. In case you should ever need it. Again, congratulations.” Caesar accepted it with a muttered “thanks”.

Joseph was at a loss of words. How had it come to this? This was really, really not what was supposed to happen. It was a joke, surely they had realized? They were… they were supposed to play along for a minute and then they were supposed to laugh at it together and buy Suzie’s stupid brooch, and then he was supposed to have dinner with his mother and he really wasn’t supposed to accidentally get engaged to his best friend.

Suzie chose that moment to re-enter the shop, bright smile still on her face, phone held tightly against her chest.

“Mom says ‘congratulations’!” she said cheerily. “Zia Cecilia too. She expects you to go visit first thing tomorrow.”

It was Caesar’s turn to go pale as a ghost.

“You called my mom?” he wheezed. Suzie blinked and then laughed nervously. Caesar pressed the heels of his hands into his eyes and groaned. “Please, please, tell me you didn’t call nonna.”

“Of course not!” said Suzie, crossing her arms with a pout. “…although… I think… mom was going to do that… after she hung up…”

Caesar gave his cousin a blank look and she squirmed, at least having the decency to look embarrassed.

“So basically,” he said, very, very slowly, “within an hour... the entire family will know.”

“Uhhh…” said Suzie.

What followed was a rapid fire exchange in Italian, Caesar on the offensive and Suzie on the defensive. It was too fast for Joseph to follow properly, but he could understand a word here and there. “Excited”, “chance”, “problem”, and a few very creative swear words. By the looks of it Suzie was getting a proper tongue lashing.

Then Caesar stopped, midsentence, rubbed his eyes, and took a deep breath.

“I need to go to work,” he said in English again after a few more deep breaths. He turned to Joseph, who tensed slightly. “We need to talk about this. I’ll see you in the evening.”

“R-right,” said Joseph. “See you later.”

Caesar strode out of the shop, scarf flowing behind him. Joseph really wasn’t looking forward to that discussion.

~x~

Joseph and Lisa Lisa had only just arrived at the restaurant when her phone rang. It was work related, as always, and she had to leave without Joseph having any time to explain anything to her. In the end he just wound up going home early, and alone, eating some of the previous day’s leftover Chinese and watching reruns of… something. He wasn’t entirely sure what the show was, to be honest, but it sure as hell was dramatic.

It was around 8:30 when the front door to their apartment opened and Caesar stepped in with a long sigh escaping his lips.

“Welcome home, honey,” Joseph said without thinking as he turned off the TV.

“Very funny, Joestar,” grumbled Caesar, hanging his coat in the wardrobe. He rolled his shoulders, trying to get the worst kinks out and then stalked over to the sofa, collapsing next to Joseph. He toed off his shoes and lifted his feet on coffee table, stretching his legs. He closed his eyes, relaxing against the softness, and let out a long breath.

“So…” said Joseph, and Caesar cracked open one eye to peer at him. He wasn’t looking at Caesar’s face though, his eyes fixed instead on his left hand. “I see you took the ring off.”

“I’m not going to wear it to work, are you stupid?” Caesar scoffed, closing his eye again. “It’s bad enough my entire family thinks we’re actually engaged, I don’t need my coworkers thinking that too.”

“Your entire family?” Joseph asked and shifted on the sofa, pulling one of his legs up on it. "I mean, you do have a lot of family..."

“Oh, yes,” said Caesar. “I’ve been getting congratulatory phone calls, voice mails, and text messages the entire evening. I had to switch off my phone or they would’ve driven me crazy.”

“Wow, that’s… actually kinda impressive.”

“Jojo,” he warned the other man, glaring at him from under his bangs. Joseph winced and scratched his neck.

“Anyway,” he said. “What are we going to do about this? You’ve been telling people it was a joke, right?”

“Believe me, I've tried…” Caesar said, rubbing his face and then running his hands through his hair. “No one listened.”

“Hmm. Your family is kinda scary, you know that?” Joseph said, and Caesar let out a laugh, leaning further back on the sofa. He really felt like sinking through it and disappearing into soft nothingness. Just leave this mess behind and become one with the universe. Or something.

“Yeah,” he breathed out. They were quiet for a moment. Caesar stared up at the ceiling wondering how amazingly fast this mess had escalated. “We’re having a family dinner, by the way. Your family is included, naturally.”

“Say what,” said Joseph and Caesar turned his head towards his friend.

“A family dinner. Next Friday. To, uh… ‘celebrate’,” he said, making a face at the word. “My grandma is already arranging the whole thing, so… We should tell them then, when everyone will be in one place.”

“Sounds like a plan,” said Joseph, standing up and stretching. “I think I’ll go to my room now... G’night.” He started to walk towards his door, running a hand thorough his hair and scratching the back of his head.

“Joseph.”

He stopped and turned to look back. Caesar was frowning up at the ceiling.

“Why did you do it?” he asked, turning his head to look straight at Joseph. Joseph was quiet for a moment, considering the question. Finally he made a halfhearted shrug.

“I dunno, really,” he said, scratching his neck again. “It just felt… natural, I guess. Thought it would be funny.”

Caesar studied him for a while longer, Joseph feeling increasingly uncomfortable under the older man’s intense scrutiny. Finally Caesar huffed and turned to look at the ceiling again.

“Naturally,” he said, a ghost of a smile on his lips. “Good night, Jojo.”

Joseph stood still for a heartbeat, before turning to leave again.

“Good night, Caesar.”