“So,” Atsushi says, pointing to the photograph of a mafia member with russet hair and stark blue eyes. “Who’s that?”

They are discussing the strengths and weaknesses of their enemies in the upcoming war, starting with the Port Mafia. Dazai is lounging on the couch, interrupting the briefing to reminisce on the embarrassing information he for some reason has on every mafia member they talk about (leading the members of the Agency to wonder if, perhaps, he has this much blackmail material about them ), but as soon as the question leaves Atsushi’s mouth, the enigmatic ex-mafioso appears by his side, causing the man-tiger to leap at least a foot out of his skin.

“That,” Dazai answers, “is Nakahara Chuuya, an executive.”

“Okay…” Atsushi inches away slightly. “So, um… what's he like?”

Dazai’s eyes take on a distinctive sparkle. Atsushi inches away at a slightly increased rate.

“Short. Very short. He's practically a midget. And he has the worst fashion sense. Just take that tacky hat he always wears—and his shoes . Not to mention that collar he claims is a choker.”

“I meant, what's his Abili—”

“And he’s obsessed with fancy wines!” Dazai continues, completely ignoring his subordinate. “He's practically an alcoholic at this point, but he's also the biggest lightweight. Because he's so tiny. But even though he's that small, he loves fighting and he gets angry easily. He’s polite most of the time, but if you rile him up you'll find out what a vulgar mouth he has.” He pauses, and adds, “Although, I have to give it to him, he's the best martial artist in the Port Mafia.” Then, as an afterthought: “He has a nice singing voice, too.”

The room is silent. Atsushi wonders why this information is necessary for him to know.

“Ah. Okay. But… um… what's his Ability?”

“Oh, right,” Dazai laughs. “Gravity manipulation.”

The room goes silent again.

Dazai continues. “He's very powerful. At the height of his powers, he can alter the gravitational fields of objects around him and toss a monster truck with one hand.”

“...And this is the last thing you tell us,” Yosano mutters, shooting him a glare.

“I wouldn't worry about it,” Dazai says flippantly, returning to the couch. “That aspect of his Ability turns him into a mindless killing machine, causing him to rampage for a few hours and then die. He doesn't use it often. The most his Ability can do aside from that is grant him enhanced strength and allow him to walk on the ceiling. He relies on martial arts and hidden knives for the most part.”

“That’s good,” Kunikida sighs.

“Don't underestimate him,” is Dazai’s response. He casts an amused look at Kunikida. “He doesn't like you.”

“You really know a lot about him,” Atsushi ventures.

“Oh, well, naturally.” Dazai grins. “After all, he was once my partner.”

 

-

 

A week later, Dazai doesn't come to work.

“Agh—that is it . I've had it up to here with that idiot always slacking off!” Kunikida rages, pen snapping in half. “Come, Atsushi, we’re going to drag him over here.”

“O-okay…”

The location of Dazai’s home is a mystery even to Ranpo, but since the Guild showed up, he's been staying in an easily-accessible apartment owned by the Agency, for precisely this purpose.

“ Dazai! ” Kunikida kicks the door open, the lack of response only serving to fuel his irritation, and storms into the apartment, Atsushi following nervously at his heels.

Dazai is still asleep when Kunikida storms into the bedroom, and the blonde lets out a cry of outrage.

“What are you doing , sleeping at this time?!” He grabs onto the blanket and, ignoring Atsushi’s meek protests, yanks it hard.

Slowly, Dazai’s eyes blink open, and he sits up, turning to peer groggily at his uninvited guests.

“...Oh, it's you two. Good morning.”

“Morning my ass ,” Kunikida growls. “It's past noon already! What are you doing?!”

“Ah. That—” His explanation is interrupted by a soft moan.

“Daaaaaaaaaazaaaaaaai,” a sleepy voice mumbles as slender, pale arms wrap around Dazai’s torso from behind, “I’m cold .”

Atsushi gapes a little, feeling heat rush to his face. Dazai rolls his eyes.

“Put a shirt on, then, idiot.”

Atsushi is positively crimson now. By his side, Kunikida appears to have stopped functioning.

A flash of ginger appears as a head settles on Dazai’s shoulder.

“Nah…” the voice says, and sighs.

Dazai gives a low chuckle, seemingly oblivious to Atsushi and Kunikida’s struggle, and brings up a hand to ruffle the other person’s hair. He faces his co-workers and smiles.

“Allow me to introduce Nakahara Chuuya. My boyfriend.”

 

-

 

Kunikida makes a strangled noise. Atsushi feels slightly dazed.

 

-

 

“Eh…” The person, allegedly Chuuya, mutters. “Who’re you talking to?”

“Kunikida-kun and Atsushi-kun, of course,” Dazai answers cheerfully.

“Okay,” Chuuya says. There is silence.

“Wait. Wait wait wait— what?! ”

Chuuya lurches backwards suddenly, pulling the blanket up around him. For a moment, his eyes meet Atsushi’s, and his whole face turns the same color as the floor after Yosano’s done healing someone.

“The fuck , Dazai?!” he yelps, aggressively avoiding everyone’s gaze.

Dazai ignores him. “Sorry,” he says to Atsushi. “I told you he's easy to rile up.”

“ What the shit is that supposed to —”

“Dazai,” Kunikida interrupts calmly, his face masked in shadow. “Didn't you say that he's a Port Mafia executive?”

“Yep.” Dazai smiles expectantly. “So?”

“So,” Kunikida begins, and Atsushi can practically see little red ticks appearing all over him, “what is a Port Mafia executive doing half naked in your bed?! ”

Chuuya turns red again, and he flings the blanket over his head, burrowing underneath it with a long, pitiful sound of distress.

“Oh.” Dazai tips his head to the side, looking disappointed. “I told you already. He's my boyfriend.”

Kunikida makes another strangled sound. “But. Why? How? ”

“None of your fuckin’ business,” comes Chuuya’s muffled voice from under the blanket.

“Come on, Kunikida-kun, it's not that difficult a concept,” Dazai says with far too much patience. “He's hopelessly in love with me, I find him worth my time for the moment—”

“ Fuck you,” Chuuya protests, emerging from the depths to glare at Dazai. “ You’re the one who came back first after betraying us and leaving.”

“Ah, I think you have a bit of a selective memory, Chuuya. Or have you forgotten Kouyou-nee seeking me out to say that her precious Chuuya had become a hopeless alcoholic since I’d left?”

“I did not become an alcoholic, and it definitely wasn't because of someone like you—”

“Really? Because I distinctly remember finding dozens of empty wine bottles littering your apartment when I visited that night, and you passed out in the middle and muttering about how much you missed me~”

“Fuck you, that… I mean, that was…” Chuuya trails off, and then his eyes flash and he straightens. “But! You still kissed me first!”

“Only because you were having an emotional breakdown. Kouyou-nee would murder me in cold blood if I ever broke her dear son’s heart.”

“As if I'd ever have my heart broken by the unwanted extra stuff that comes with the bandages.”

“I don't want to hear that from a tacky midget like you.”

“Shut up, suicide freak.”

“Hat rack.”

“Womanizer!”

“Aww, don’t tell me, is Chuuya jealous of those women~”

“ Like hell I am. ”

“Um…” Dazai and Chuuya both pause mid breath, turning to face Atsushi. The man-tiger hunches his shoulders, eyes shifting. “Should… should we leave?”

Dazai amiably says, “No, you can stay,” at the same time as Chuuya shrieks, “ Why are you even still here ,” and the two of them immediately turn back to each other, resuming their bickering with earnest.

Atsushi decides that it would be best to run away now and never look back. He nudges Kunikida, who sways from side to side and turns to him with a lost, hollow expression. Atsushi takes his superior’s arm, gently but firmly leading him out of the apartment and back to the Agency.

The sounds of Chuuya’s frustrated groans and Dazai’s laughter follow them like ghosts the whole way.

 

-

 

A few days later, Dazai invites everyone over to officially meet his boyfriend, now that the secret’s out (although no one is sure whether it was ever actually a secret, or just something Dazai never bothered to mention).

The Agency members are apprehensive, of course, and approach the redhead with caution and thinly veiled suspicion, but after tasting just a sample of Chuuya’s wine-infused cooking, everyone decides that having the Port Mafia executive in the family may not be such a bad thing after all.