Prologue

"There is no world for me without them."

The day when history was thrown off-course seemed for all the world like another ordinary day in the quiet East Blue. The noonday sun shone above the ever-changing, ever-moving waters of the ocean below, and as a lone seagull beat its wings against the salty air, drawing near to the land, nothing extraordinary was there. Just a sleepy little village with small, cozy houses dotting the grassy land with slowly rotating windmills tucked in-between them.

The seagull let out a cry as it passed the only thing that seemed out of place, a figure standing on the pier at the edge of town. The ocean's breeze weaved through his black hair, uncovered and exposed to the sun. And unperturbed by the salty air, he stared at the horizon with focused, unyielding black eyes, his gaze not moving from the thin seam where the sea and sky melted into each other. It was the kind of expression that did not belong on a six-year-old boy's face.

The waves rolled in. Each crashed upon the shore carrying whispers of the past and stories of the present.

The boy's stoic expression finally broke as he grinned. In the future, everybody would recognize it as the trademark smile of the second Pirate King, but now it once again belonged to anunknown boy from the backwater island in East Blue. The boy by the name Monkey D. Luffy.

Already six years old, he reminded himself. Eleven years before he set out on his journey. Meaning that he was in a bit of a hurry. As much as he wanted to climb up Mt. Colubo and tackle Ace and Sabo into history's longest hug, he knew that they were safe for now. As much as he didn't want to miss Shanks' arrival to Foosha, there were more urgent matters Luffy needed to attend to.

The problem was how to get to the place he wished to reach in time. He was too small and currently too physically weak to sail on his own. Hijacking a hostile ship was also out of question due to the same reasons and no way to actually board one anytime soon. Worst of all, neither of those methods really worked for the journey he needed to make… There had to be a way, but what was it?

As he watched the horizon, thinking, the sea swelled, a few bigger waves pounding into the base of the pier, and then stilled.

Luffy cocked his head and listened. His gaze slid across the bay, catching sight of a huge shape gliding just below the surface. His face lit up. Perfect!

The boy glanced at the distant horizon again. "Wait for me, guys," he murmured in a firm voice, reaching for his hat just to remember that he still didn't even meet Shanks this time around.

Luffy threw his arms up, a roar of laughter ripping out of his chest. It felt so good to be back at the beginning!

The wind whipped up. The sea simmered.

The future had become the past; the world had better have been ready.

-in the future (past?)-

Luffy walked through the forest in light steps, following an overgrown path he knew by heart. The warm, gentle breeze faintly rustled the leaves of trees and bushes around him. Birds were singing their melodies, bringing a pleasant and harmonious feeling to the surroundings. The brilliant early-morning sun was shining through the branches, causing shadows of leaves to dance on the ground as the wind brushed over them.

The 32-year-old Pirate King spotted a small clearing ahead and his grip tightened on the large nodachi sword propped on his shoulder. Soon he left the playful shadows of the Laugh Tale's forest and stopped at the vertically standing stone in the middle of the clearing. He stared at the expertly painted skull and crossbones with the straw hat for a few moments before glancing over various items, lying around it.

A soft smile curled on Luffy's lips. "Guys, I'm back."

The grass and blooming wildflowers swaying gently in the wind sounded almost like Welcome back, back, back...

Luffy took a deep breath, eyes closing shut.

Are you injured, injured, injured…

"Nah, don't worry, Chopper," the man said as he looked at the blue cap with the white X symbol on pink. "My wounds are not that bad this time. Ah, but."

He shifted his gaze on several books, tightly wrapped in a transparent bag to protect them from the elements. His smile grew. "Robin! I accidentally found another stone you were searching for!"

Where, where, where…

The Pirate King chuckled. "I bet you would have liked that island where I found it, Usopp," he said, glancing at the black slingshot and goggles next to it.

"But it was really hard to come back here without you, Nami," Luffy sighed at the blue metallic Bo staff, propped against the stone.

Did you get lost, lost, lost…

An eye-roll followed that echo of a non-existing voice. "Of course, not," he stated firmly to the three katanas, resting on the other side of the stone. "I don't get lost so easily like you would, Zoro."

The man turned to the pair of simple geta. "I could have really used your help to control the boat, Jinbe." And then to a couple of broken planks under it. "I miss you, Sunny. You were the best ship."

The Pirate King sat on the ground, crossing his legs, still holding the nodachi tightly. For a while, there was only silence.

Did you eat, eat, eat…

Luffy winced, a wry smile twisting his lips as he glanced at the kitchen knives. "Sometimes I forget… Sorry, Sanji. I—" He cut himself off, straw hat shadowing his eyes. "I won't forget from now on, so stop worrying."

He perked up the moment the purple cane, propped next to Zoro's swords, caught his attention. "Hey, Brook! I learned a new song!"

Luffy chuckled lightly. "But I'm sure that song would make you cry, Franky," he admitted to the sunglasses and light blue metal plate with a blue star painted on it.

Luffy, Luffy, Luffy…

"Ace," Luffy said fondly to the orange cowboy hat, "I'm sure I made you worry." His eyes drifted at the black top hat right next to it. "You too, Sabo."

He thought about ten years back, when everything started to fall apart. When his first nakama died. And then the second. The third… until he was left all alone. He lost them all, one by one, in a decade-long war with the Navy just because the Pirate King and his nakama never agreed to bow down to anyone. Just because they were free spirits, wandering the seas driven by their own dreams and desires.

When the first of them died, they created this grave to honor the memory of the fallen. It was Luffy who brought here the memento of his last nakama five years ago.

"They still can't find my dad, Sabo," he finally said quietly. "No one knows where he is, or even if he's still alive. Shanks and Marco are dead, though." Luffy fell silent again. "And… Grandpa."

The Pirate King lifted his head and looked at the sky. "Law and I were on the run from the moment we left Laugh Tale when I brought Robin here after that battle five years ago, but…" he paused, his fingers gripping the nodachi harder. "Well, that's why I'm back. He will be joining you now, guys."

Luffy lifted the sword and put it down carefully right in front of the gravestone. He didn't pull away immediately, gently caressing its sheath. Law was his ally, his partner, his friend, his brother in arms, his last nakama.

A sole tear ran down the Pirate King's cheek, but he brushed it off quickly. Closing his eyes, he felt the soft wind and warm sunshine on his skin.

"Yohohoho~ Yohohohoo~" he sang silently. "Going to deliver Binks' Sake~"

Gradually, a smile resurfaced on his face. After so many years, it still was his favorite song and the only one which could elate his tired soul, if only for the briefest reprieve.

"Following the sea breeze, riding on the waves~
Far across the salty depths, the merry evening sun~
The birds sing as they draw circles in the sky~"

The Pirate King kept singing, tasting his own sorrow on his lips with every word.

"Going to deliver Binks' Sake~
Let's all sing it with a Don, a song of the waves~
Doesn't matter who you are, someday you'll just be bones~
Never-end—"

His voice cracked. Luffy stayed silent, staring at the bright blue sky above.

"Never-ending, ever-wandering, our funny traveling tale…" he finished in a whisper.

But even after the last word of the song, he didn't move, just kept sitting there, in front of the grave of his most precious people.

"Hey, kid."

Luffy was familiar with that voice behind him. They met the first time he came to this island and took the man's title from him. "Roger," he acknowledged the ghost's presence, but didn't turn to face him.

"If you had to choose, what would you save: the world or your friends?"

The Pirate King couldn't hold in the laughter which welled up inside him from hearing that. Ah, it was such a long time since the last time he truly laughed!

"That's a silly question," Luffy replied finally. He took his beloved straw hat off, stared at it for a bit, and then placed it on Law's nodachi into the collective pile of mementos for the departed. It was complete now. Everyone was here. "There is no world for me without them."

The ghost grinned. He knew that it was not without reason this man became his successor and the owner of One Piece. The Will of D was burning strongly in him.

"If your will is strong," Roger said, putting his hand on the bare head of the Pirate King, "you'll be able to save them. For better or for worse."

-back in the past (present?)-

Garp downed a shot of sake, slammed the cup on the bar, and simply stared at it.

"Garp-san?"

He blinked at Makino as if unearthing himself from the deep thoughts. "One more, please." But before the woman could even move, he shook his head. "No," he muttered, rubbing his face with his hands, "give me the whole bottle."

Makino furrowed her brow. She had never seen the old Marine looking so… lost. He never drank so much either. Pushing her misgivings to the side, she put a bottle in front of the man, but kept her hand on, preventing him to just grab it and down it with one gulp.

"Garp-san," Makino said, her voice firm and hard, demanding an answer. "What's the matter?"

"It's just…" the Marine hero ran his hand through his hair. "My grandson…"

The barmaid's eyes widened. "Something happened to Luffy?" she hastily questioned.

"Bwahahaha!" Garp's burst of laughter startled her. It allowed him to grab the booze out of her hand and take a long swig.

-a few hours ago-

Garp observed his six years old grandson sparring with the monkeys while smiling in satisfaction. Luffy made good progress from the last time he forced him to fight these beasts. He was right by thinking that it was good training for a little boy.

A monkey's punch sent Luffy down. He stayed down, sprawled in the grass, blankly staring at the sky. Garp sighed. It was enough training for a day, Luffy was still only six, after all. No matter how desperately Garp wanted him to grow stronger to be able to protect himself, he couldn't push it too hard.

Garp stood up. Only then did he notice violent shivers running over Luffy's body. His heart sped up, chest going heavy with worry. "Luf—"

Something exploded. An invisible wave of power swept through the area. Animals around collapsed, foam dripping from their mouths. Surrounding trees groaned as the force slammed into them, cracks running along their trunks. Fissures opened up in the ground and the wind howled like a wounded beast.

Garp's eyes were wide as saucers, his hair standing on end and sweat rolling down his forehead. He buried his feet deeper into the soil, gritting his teeth. The enormous pressure grew stronger and stronger and stronger and THEN…

…it vanished without a trace.

While Garp tried to catch his breath and gather his bearings, Luffy sat up. He gawked at his own hands before looking around. A quiet giggle escaped him. Its volume increased into merry laughter and all the way to the mad cackling. The boy jumped to his feet, fist-pumped the air, and "I'M BAAAAAACK!" screamed at the top of his lungs.

"Luffy…"

The kid jerked at Garp calling his name, swiveling around with wide eyes. "Geh!" he suddenly yelled, recoiling from the man in shock. "Grandpa?!"

The old Marine was so confused. Chills still raced up and down his spine. "Do you know what you just did, Luffy?"

His grandson stared at him for a while, uncharacteristic seriousness etched into his young features. Eventually, his expression smoothed into a tender smile. "Good to see you, Grandpa."

Garp felt his breathing stutter. For as warm as Luffy's eyes looked, the sadness and loneliness in them threatened to choke him.

But then all those emotions were wiped clean, pushed away by the steely determination settling in. "It's good you're here," Luffy uttered. "I need to tell you something very important, so listen carefully."

It sounded more like an order than a request. The amount of authority laced the boy's high-pitched childish voice, the sound holding a quality that screamed 'leader' in a way Garp hadn't heard from many before.

He listened.

And that's why Garp was emptying Makino's bar now. His grandson, his only six years old grandson, suddenly spun such an incredible story that the old Marine had no other option but to actually believe him.

Everyone in Foosha Village knew that Luffy couldn't lie to save his life, but he told his story with such intense details, including many of the Navy secrets that only the highest in ranks knew about. It was mind-boggling! Too preposterous to be anything but the truth. His grandson was a time-traveler?! It topped out even the New World's weirdness.

Garp took another long gulp from the bottle. "I guess anything could have happened in that place…" he mumbled under his breath. After all, nobody knew exactly what secrets the last island of the Grand Line held as the only person who ever reached it was the Pirate King. Kings, he corrected himself.

Makino sighed. Now she was worried not only about Garp, but about Luffy too.

The door burst open and a breathless man stumbled inside. "Garp-san!"

"Hm?" Garp turned to look at him.

"It's horrible, Garp-san!" the villager screamed in panic. "Luffy…! H-he took off to the sea and–and the Lord of the Coast...! It jumped out and-and Luffy!" he explained in half coherent sentences.

Makino paled, placing her hand over her mouth in horror.

Garp, on the other hand, bellowed with laughter. "Bwahahaha!"

"Wha—?" The man exchange a baffled glance with Makino. "Luffy is in danger, Garp-san!"

Garp snorted. "Is he now?" In a swift move, he chugged the remaining sake, heaved himself up from the stool, and casually strolled out.

A group of villagers crowded the pier, discussing and arguing on the next course of action.

"Garp-san!" the mayor called him, noticing the Marine approaching them. "Luffy just—!"

"Yeah, I know," the man interrupted him, glancing over the bay where he spotted the lone dinghy swaying on the waves. "So, where is my grandson?"

"Luffy took one of the small boats and drifted in the middle of the bay," one person recalled the events.

"And then Lord of the Coast suddenly jumped from the water and attacked him!" another continued.

"But suddenly an incredible thing happened!" the third shouted, flailing his arms around. "The beast stopped!"

"Luffy jumped onto its head, and the Lord swam away together with him," Woop Slap finished.

"Bwahahaha!" Garp burst into jolly laughter, his eyes tearing up from it.

"We need to do something!" Makino panicked.

"There is no need, he won't go down so easily," the Marine hero grinned at the distant horizon, completely ignoring the shocked people around him. "I'm just interested in where that brat wandered off to."