  “Leave it to me, partner.”

 

    What a cruel thing to say, Dazai.

 

    Chuuya had been a fool for trusting that traitor again, even in such a dire situation. He had known that from the beginning, of course, but had done it anyway. He’d put his trust in Dazai and risked his life for the sake of this city. For the sake of his dead subordinates’ honor. For the sake of Mori’s continued approval. After all, he was nothing if not loyal. He was worthless if not obedient.

 

    It had been nearly a month since that incident, and yet, Dazai’s words continued to haunt Chuuya for some unknown reason. Chuuya couldn’t understand why he was so hung up on another broken promise when he had been expecting it from the start, especially with all that had happened since then. He should have been far too busy to keep thinking about some small, expected, broken promise.

 

    Maybe it was the way he looked at me before I closed my eyes.

 

    As if he had really planned on keeping his promise.

 

    Chuuya knew how to tell when Dazai was lying.

 

    That hadn’t been one of those times.

 

    Maybe it was the little things.

 

    The blood cleaned off of his face.

 

    His hat and his coat folded up neatly beside him.

 

    Since when had Dazai ever cared about small details like that?

 

    It was a question that Chuuya just couldn’t forget about until he had gotten an answer. Even if it was another lie. Even if Dazai wouldn’t give him a real answer. He at least had to ask. He at least had to try.

 

    But too much had happened since then for Chuuya to have gotten what he wanted. It seemed that as soon as the Guild had been taken care of, a new threat to the city had popped up out of nowhere. Fyodor Dostoyevsky had been having his fun with both the Armed Detective Agency and the Port Mafia, and with him setting one trap right after the other, Chuuya had no time to find a way to settle his petty personal grudge.

 

    But Dostoyevsky was missing in action, at least for the time being. The Armed Detective Agency had dismantled his last plan by finding a way to neutralize the poison that had plagued both Mori and Fukuzawa. Chuuya didn't know the details. All he knew was that Mori was alive and that Fukuzawa had survived as well. Now, it seemed that Dostoyevsky was laying low instead of barraging the Agency and the Port Mafia with more troubles.

 

    Everyone was suspicious, of course, and no one let their guard down. Dostoyevsky was a powerful enemy and clearly had the resources to strike anywhere and at any time. They had to be ready for anything. But if they weren't actively attacking or playing defense right now, then maybe Chuuya would finally be able to ask his questions and get his answers.

 

    The afternoon breeze was hot on Chuuya’s face as he stood at the center of the abandoned field that had once been used as a training facility for Port Mafia Ability users. He kept his head down to keep the sun out of his eyes, letting the shadow of the brim of his hat cover his face. Perhaps this wasn’t the best place to stand and wait for someone who may never even show up on a boiling summer day, but in his haste, Chuuya couldn’t have thought of anywhere else.

 

    It could hardly be called a field anymore. The grass around the ruins of the destroyed building had been dead for years. Dust and dirt covered it so thickly that it may as well have been a dessert. The entire area looked as though it had had a bomb dropped on it, or something equally as destructive.

 

    The slight sunburn that Chuuya was developing on the back of his neck would not sting as much as the memories that came from this place. Its destruction had been his fault, after all, for that was the true power of his own Ability. The destruction of this facility had been the result of using Corruption for the first time.

 

    This was the place that Chuuya and Dazai had met for the first time. They had both barely been teenagers at the time. Dazai was a genius; a child prodigy who was slated to become a mafia executive in two, maybe three years. Chuuya, on the other hand, was a foreign-looking and seemingly fragile, powerless young boy that Kouyou had taken in off of the streets.  Dazai was moving up in the ranks of the mafia faster than any other Mafioso ever had, whilst Chuuya was to be groomed into a courtesan and whisked away into Kouyou’s brothel when he was old enough. The two of them should have never crossed paths. But Fate seemed to like pulling them together for whatever bizarre reason.

 

    As part of his “training” as a courtesan, Chuuya was dolled up and brought to the facility one day when the Port Mafia’s recently hired Ability users had come to train and prove their worth to the executives. Chuuya and Kouyou were there to provide more… Incentive, for the new grunts to perform well in front of the executives. Something pretty to look at and fawn over in between matches. Something they could touch if they pleased their audience.

 

    But Chuuya wasn’t comfortable with the way that the men acted around him. The way they touched him and spoke to him as if they owned him. The way they held on tighter when he tried to pull away. The way they chased him when he ran. The way they told Kouyou to keep her pretty little mouth shut when she tried to tell them to leave him alone.

 

    Kouyou could have handled those men just fine herself. She may have been a courtesan but she was also a Mafioso, one who was quite close with the executive Mori Ougai, and one who had an incredibly powerful and beautiful Ability. But before she could take it upon herself to defend her ward, he decided to defend himself. Terrified and backed into a corner, surrounded by those filthy men, he uttered a phrase to himself that had suddenly found its way into his head in that moment.

 

    “Oh, Grantors of Dark Disgrace! Do not wake me again!”

 

    The men had no time to run or turn away before they were violently killed, their limbs turned to bloody stumps after being consumed by the void that Chuuya had suddenly created. Kouyou had tried to talk Chuuya out of his abrupt violent and destructive state, but it didn’t work. Chuuya wasn’t satisfied with the lives that he had already taken. He seemed intent on destroying the rest of the facility.

 

    The Boss had ordered for Chuuya to be shot down when it was discovered that he couldn’t be controlled or talked out of his rampage, but no one could get close enough to Chuuya to put a bullet through his head. His voids consumed every shot that they took at him. And Kouyou would refuse to let them kill Chuuya, anyways. She knew that there was only one way to stop Chuuya now, and it wasn’t to kill him or let him die.

 

    Mori had invited Dazai to come to the training facility to oversee the training that day, but Dazai had waved it off, saying that there were better things for him to be doing than watching a new batch of grunts face off against one another, even if they were some of the most powerful new recruits that they’d had in months. But Dazai had no choice but to obey orders when Mori demanded that he be driven to the facility in order to put a stop to Chuuya’s destruction. The facility had been evacuated before Dazai had been on his way and had been almost entirely destroyed by the time he had arrived.

 

    Dazai had touched Chuuya for the first time in the middle of that desolated facility. His heart pounded in his chest and his body trembled with exhilaration as he cradled the small body of the other child in his arms. Watching Chuuya’s Ability and feeling the aura around him had been like tasting Death itself. Dazai had been fascinated by the feeling; fixated on it. So much so that he demanded of the executives that Chuuya be given to him as his partner to which, after heavy deliberation, they agreed.

 

    Dazai had saved Chuuya’s life twice that day. First when he used No Longer Human to nullify Chuuya’s Ability and saved him from himself, and a second time when he convinced the executives to let Chuuya become his pawn instead of deciding to execute him because of his erratic, uncontrollable Ability. But Chuuya often found himself wondering if being saved had been worth it at all.

 

    But all of that was beside the point. That wasn’t what Chuuya was here for today. That wasn’t the question that Chuuya was asking right now, nor one that he would find an answer to anytime soon.

 

    He was here because Dazai would remember this place. He would remember how to get to it. Where it was. Dazai always remembered the things that were important to him. How could he forget a place that had been so pivotal and life-changing for both of them?

 

    Dazai

 

    You’ve broken your shitty promises to me for the last time. I won’t forgive you for leaving me behind after we defeated Lovecraft together. I have unfinished business to settle with you and I will have my way. If you aren’t afraid of me, then meet me in the place where we met for the first time, tomorrow afternoon. If you don’t show up, it’ll only prove that you’re a coward.

 

    Despite his flowery letter, Chuuya knew that his threats held no power over Dazai. Nothing that Chuuya said had ever held any power over Dazai, nor, he was sure, would it ever. Dazai didn’t give a damn about what Chuuya thought of him. He never had and he never would. The words in Chuuya’s letter were pointless. He could have just simply stated a time and a place and left it at that. The outcome would be the same whether Chuuya had written ten words or ten thousand. This meeting depended on only one thing, and that was whether or not Dazai wanted to talk to Chuuya as much as Chuuya wanted to talk to him.

 

    How romantic, Dazai had thought to himself after reading the letter that Chuuya had written to him. The envelope that Kunikida had given to him simply had his name on it and nothing else. It had been found in the building’s mailbox earlier that morning.

 

    Despite the fact that only Dazai’s name had been written on the envelope, Dazai had known who the letter was from before he even read it, and of course, his suspicions were confirmed before he had even finished. He still recognized the hat rack’s neat, elegant handwriting. Only Chuuya could write swears and threats in such elegant script and not make it look out of place. Only Chuuya would ask for a rendezvous in the place of their first meeting. Only Chuuya would hold onto a grudge like that.

 

    And Dazai decided that he would indulge Chuuya just this once. He did have some of his own unfinished business that he had wanted to settle with Chuuya, after all. It wasn’t incredibly important, and he doubted that he would ever have gotten around to settling it on his own, but Chuuya had graciously done the work of setting up a time and a place for a meeting and sending Dazai such a lovely little invitation. It would have been quite rude of Dazai to refuse.

 

    With every minute that passed, Chuuya expected less and less that Dazai would actually show up. Still, he kept his eyes peeled and his ears alert. He wouldn’t leave this spot until the sun had set. Dazai had a penchant for being fashionably late, after all. Chuuya hadn’t forgotten that, even after all these years.

 

    And when Dazai finally did show up, Chuuya noticed him far before he would have been able to notice Chuuya. Chuuya spotted Dazai’s silhouette on the horizon as he walked alone towards the decimated remains of the facility. He heard Dazai’s footsteps when Dazai finally came closer. Everything else in the world seemed to be silent.

 

    Chuuya almost considered hiding from Dazai before he was close enough to pick out Chuuya from the ruins that he was standing in and giving him a surprise punch in the jaw when he came nearer, but eventually decided that a punch in the jaw may not have been the most effective way to start a conversation. However, he ended up regretting that decision very quickly. When Dazai was close enough to see Chuuya, he put a smug smirk on his face, and placed his hands on his hips once he was standing in front of the petit mafia executive.

 

    “Chuuya! I got your love letter,” he cooed, making Chuuya cringe.

 

    It hadn’t even been a minute since their meeting had begun and already Dazai was getting on Chuuya’s nerves. Only Dazai could accomplish a feat like that. He definitely deserved a punch in the jaw.

 

    “It wasn’t a love letter, shitty Dazai,” he snarled, looking up and glaring daggers at the taller man.

 

    "Oh? How disappointing! The barely concealed murderous intent was so compelling, too!" Dazai exclaimed.

 

    Dazai gave Chuuya a long look. He seemed well; dressed to the nines in that hideous getup that he called fashionable and glaring with the intensity of hell's fires. But at the same time, he seemed tense. Well, tenser than usual, at least, and perhaps a little nervous, too. Why? His letter had seemed so confident. What did Chuuya really want him here for?

 

    He sighed and shook his head, figuring that he should try to probe out Chuuya’s intentions if Chuuya was not going to admit them on his own. "But as I’ve said before, being killed by you isn't what I want at all. So if that’s what you invited me here for, I'm afraid I'll have to decline,” he said, waving his hand dismissively.

 

    Chuuya scoffed and folded his arms over his chest. "If I wanted to kill you, I would have done it already, whether you wanted it or not. I'm not some cartoon villain who explains his whole plan to the hero before trying to kill him!" he retorted.

 

    He shifted his weight from one leg to the other and let his arms drop. He pulled back on the brim of his hat to shift it further up on his head so that he could look at Dazai better. He pursed his lips into a thin line.

 

    “But if you didn’t want to take the risk of being killed by me, why did you come here at all? I’m sure it wasn’t just to deny me that request.”

 

    No, things were never that simple with Dazai. Chuuya knew that better than anyone. But he also knew that Dazai wouldn’t willingly become involved in any situation that he didn’t have complete control of. The ball was in his court now. Chuuya would only get an answer if that’s what Dazai intended.

 

    But Dazai wasn’t ready to reveal his intentions just yet. He would only know how to proceed once he knew what Chuuya wanted from him. Once he knew why Chuuya had bothered to invite him here if it wasn’t to attack or attempt to murder him.

 

    "Chuuya, is your hat actually consuming your mind after all? I came here because you invited me, of course!” he said.

 

    Chuuya grunted in annoyance. He had been expecting an answer like that, somehow. Dazai’s nonchalance didn’t fool Chuuya at all. Again, he knew that the answer could not have been as simple as something as that. But now it seemed as though Chuuya would have to prepare for a game of back-and-forth. Dazai would keep side-stepping that question to get a rise out of Chuuya and frustrate him into giving up his own intentions. The loser of this game would be whoever had the weaker will-power.

 

    “Cut the crap, Dazai,” Chuuya spat. “Since when have you ever granted any of my requests without wanting something in return?”

 

    Dazai was quiet for a moment. It was clear that he hadn’t been expecting Chuuya to hold out even this long. He was a bit surprised, maybe even a little shaken, by how collected Chuuya was right now. He needed some time to think.

 

    He turned away from Chuuya and began to walk through the ruins that they were standing in. He gazed around silently at the broken concrete and metal that still remained. He dragged his hand over a broken, jagged girder, cutting the palm of his hand on the metal as he did so. Chuuya flinched when he saw Dazai wiping blood from his hand on what small part of a wall remained behind the girder.

 

    Quit fucking around, bastard. You’re going to get Tetanus. Stop being so careless, was what he wanted to say. He was not a squeamish person, and blood and injury did nothing to faze him, but it was different to watch Dazai try to hurt himself. It was sickening to watch Dazai act like he was invincible, especially when Chuuya knew that Dazai craved death so much.

 

    Dazai noticed when Chuuya pursed his lips again. Noticed that he wanted to say something but was holding back. Noticed the look of worry in his eyes. It was the same look he’d seen at least thrice the last time they had been together, when they had been fighting Lovecraft.

 

    He turned to face Chuuya again, and stuck his bloodied hand into the pocket of his trench coat.

 

    “Maybe I do want something,” he said.

 

    “Then what is it?” Chuuya asked, knowing very well that he still wouldn’t be getting an easy answer.

 

    So it surprised him when Dazai gave him a seemingly straight-forward answer.

 

    “I want you to answer two questions for me. That’s why I came.”

 

    Chuuya raised an eyebrow. So Dazai did have his own things that he wanted to talk about. His own questions that needed answering. But try as he might, Chuuya couldn’t predict what those questions would be. The only feeling that Dazai’s expression gave away was the same tense nervousness that had been shared by both of them for the entirety of this meeting.

 

    “Fine. Then, what questions did you have?” Chuuya asked, and briefly tried to find some way to steel himself, in case Dazai’s questions turned out to be unnerving or unexpected.

 

    Dazai pulled his hand out of his pocket and clapped his hands together merrily. Chuuya thought that he had control over the situation because he had gotten Dazai to reveal the reason why he came here, but nothing could be further from the truth. Those questions were only part of the reason that he had come, after all.

 

    “First! Why did you agree to use Corruption when we fought together against Lovecraft?” he inquired, tilting his head ever so slightly in curiosity.

 

    Chuuya relaxed a little. That wasn’t such a bizarre question to ask. Chuuya didn’t know why Dazai would possibly care to hear the answer to that question, but it was nothing that he needed to keep a secret. Not entirely, anyways.

 

    “I knew you’d stop me, Dazai. You seem to hate the idea of being killed by me so much that I knew you’d stop me if I decided to go after you after I defeated Lovecraft,” he said.

 

    I knew you’d stop me, Dazai. Even someone as shitty as you wouldn’t let me die unless there was a good reason for it, he meant.

 

    But then, he was also leaving out the reason why he had so much faith that Dazai didn’t have a reason to want him dead.

 

    “Besides,” he continued, “I missed the feeling of my true Ability. Addiction outweighed the reasoning of the fact that I shouldn’t have trusted you.”

 

    I knew you’d stop me, so it was okay to give into the feeling just this once, he’d meant.

 

    Still hiding the reason that he still trusted Dazai so much after all these years.

 

    But it seemed that Chuuya couldn’t even tell half-lies to Dazai and get away with them.

 

    “Fine. Don’t tell me. The actual answer doesn’t matter, anyways,” he said dismissively, though he seemed to be vaguely disappointed.

 

    “Next question, then?” he asked, his expression developing a more neutral look.

 

    “It’s the truth, bastard,” Chuuya asserted, though he knew there was no point in it. “But if you don’t care to believe me, then fine. Just ask me whatever else you wanted to and let’s get this the Hell over with.”

 

    It spoke well of the Agency that Dazai didn't actually want to ask this next question. He felt ambiguously guilty about prying into something that was well and truly not his business, not anymore. During his time in the Mafia, he wouldn't have cared how his words affected the people he spoke them to. Atsushi and the rest would be ashamed of what he was about to ask. Ashamed of his intention to humiliate Chuuya. Dazai himself was a little bit ashamed. But there was a purpose behind his words and a purpose behind his actions. Chuuya wouldn’t understand that, of course, but it was better like that, anyways.

 

    He paused and went quiet for a moment, needing to settle his own twisting stomach before he could speak.

 

    “Well, have you fucked anyone since I left the mafia?”

 

    Chuuya nearly choked on his own spit. Out of everything that Chuuya had expected Dazai to ask, nothing like that ever crossed his mind. Why the hell did Dazai want to know something like that, anyways?

 

    It had been four years since the two of them had called each other lovers. Though, Chuuya had always felt that “lovers” was too delicate a title for the relationship that they had had. “Partners with benefits” some might have deemed more appropriate. “Fuck buddies” was the most accurate thing that Chuuya had ever found. Except, Chuuya had always been a little too invested in that relationship for his own good.

 

    A thousand thoughts rushed through Chuuya's head at once. Would Dazai be jealous if the answer was yes? Was Dazai trying to see if Chuuya had 'moved on' from their sorry excuse for a relationship? Was Dazai here to brag about his own love affairs that had sprouted in the wake of his treachery? And what answer was Dazai really hoping to hear?

 

    None of those questions mattered, though. Chuuya certainly wouldn’t ask them. And Dazai wouldn’t get an answer to this question. Not directly, at least.

 

    “That’s a rather drastic change in topic, Dazai. I wasn’t expecting you to want to get so… Personal.” His tone was dark, but he let the last word fall languidly off of his tongue, almost as if to tease Dazai, but he was amazed that he had been able to keep himself from stuttering.

 

    “But what’s it to you, anyways? Are you feeling possessive again?”

 

    Dazai was, once again, caught off guard by how well Chuuya was holding his ground. This conversation would have been over much more quickly if it had happened four years ago. Chuuya would have been infuriated into submission far before this point. It was astonishing how patient and composed Chuuya had become.

 

    But Dazai couldn’t leave until he had reduced Chuuya to an infuriated and humiliated mess. That was what his real intentions for coming here had been, after all. To push Chuuya away and crush what little trust and goodwill remained between the two of them. That was what was best for both of them, wasn’t it?

 

    Because Dazai had felt new feelings flare up for the pint-sized powerhouse that was Nakahara Chuuya in the weeks since their reunion in the Port Mafia’s dungeon. Because there was something so enchanting about how much Chuuya had grown and changed in four years. Because Dazai found himself thinking about Chuuya more often than not lately. Because the thought of being around Chuuya was thrilling and exciting. Because Dazai could tell, despite all of Chuuya’s antics, that Chuuya felt the same.

 

    Or maybe it was that Chuuya had always felt that way. He had been far more invested in their relationship four years ago than Dazai had ever been. It was possible that some of those feelings had just never died away. But that was all the more reason for Dazai to want to crush them beneath his heel.

 

    It wasn’t healthy for either of them, after all. It wasn’t healthy for Chuuya to be hung up on someone who had never cared for him until now. It wasn’t healthy for him to be so trusting of a traitor. Those kinds of feelings would get him killed. And it wasn’t healthy for Dazai to care about Chuuya at all. It wasn’t healthy for him to feel any sort of ties to the life that he had been living four years ago. Those kinds of feelings would lead him off of the path that Odasaku had wanted him to take.

 

    Friendship, romance, there was no kind of relationship besides enemies that could thrive between the two of them. But Dazai knew that Chuuya didn’t truly hate him, and that maybe he didn’t even want to be Dazai’s enemy. If that was the case, then Dazai would just have to force Chuuya into hating him. He would just have to break all of that remaining trust. He would just have to show Chuuya that he wasn’t a man who could be trusted with Chuuya’s feelings, much less his life.

 

    He stuck his hands back in his pockets and began to pace the ruins again.

 

    “I’ve been with many other people. I spend very few nights on my own, you see,” he bragged casually. Though, even if his words were true, they didn’t mean anything to Dazai. His sexual exploits were never anything more than a way to pass the time, and certainly nothing that he cared to brag about. But Chuuya didn’t need to know that.

 

   The words had the exact effect that Dazai had hoped they would. Chuuya was hurt by them. They stung. Worse than the sun beating down on his neck. Worse than the nostalgia of these forgotten ruins. They cemented Chuuya’s old fears that he had been nothing but a trophy and a toy to Dazai. Part of him wondered if Dazai had ever bragged about him the same way he was bragging about these “many other” faceless people. But he wouldn’t let Dazai know any of this.

 

    He scoffed again. "I bet they all leave before you've even finished. How many girls have you scared off, asking them to die with you? You probably get more bruises from angry slaps than you do from needy lips, don’t you?” he said plainly.

 

    Dazai fell silent. He heard Chuuya’s words and was suddenly struck with crisis. What was he doing? What had he really come here for? To hurt Chuuya? To hurt himself by hurting Chuuya? But if Chuuya was even hurt in the first place, he wasn’t showing it. Somehow, he had gained control over Dazai, and it seemed like he was relishing his power.

 

    Except, Dazai’s silence served to infuriate Chuuya more than anything else did, and Chuuya still believed that Dazai was in control of the situation. It was unnerving to see the blank look in Dazai’s eyes. He was certain that he was about to fall into some trap that Dazai had set up for him, but he didn’t know how to escape.

 

    “So what? Does that mean I’m right?” he asked, the tone in his voice rising with every word. “You wake up lonely every morning, despite your better life and all of your new friends, don’t you?”

 

    Dazai pressed his uninjured hand against another girder as Chuuya spoke, wincing slightly as the metal began to dig into his skin. Focusing on that pain was easier than listening to Chuuya’s words, after all. Damn him. When had he learned how to pick away at Dazai’s resolve like this?

 

    Yes, he did wake up lonely. Terribly so. Chuuya tossed out words meant to hurt him without knowing how deeply they cut. Dazai had tossed out many similar words that fully intended to do harm. Dazai wondered how many cuts he'd inflicted on Chuuya. If he, after years of trying to be good, was still capable of this kind of cruelty, what had he put Chuuya through during the years of their partnership?

 

    And this wasn’t what Odasaku wanted for him. Dazai had come here with the intention of doing right by Chuuya, for once in his life, but he realized too late that this wasn’t the way to do it. That trying to hurt Chuuya would never be doing right by him. That he was reverting to his old, manipulative ways, and something like that would never make him a good person.

 

    The silence was still eating away at Chuuya and infuriating him. It was so quiet that Chuuya almost thought he could hear the sound of metal ripping through Dazai’s skin as he watched Dazai cut himself again. He was getting impatient. Finally, Dazai seemed to have gotten what he originally wanted. It was just too bad that he felt horrible for it now.

 

    Chuuya stomped his foot on the ground, leaning forward, ready to step closer to Dazai. His limbs were itching, twitching. He wanted to fight. He was ready to grab Dazai, punch him, do whatever he had to just to fill the silence if Dazai wouldn't speak to him.

    "Come on, where are your shitty comebacks now!? Don't tell me that you're actually listening to what I have to say for once! Answer me, dammit!" he demanded.

 

    Finally, Dazai looked at Chuuya again. He pulled his hand away from the girder and balled both of his hands into loose fists. His face was still blank.

 

    “Chuuya, can I ask you one more question?” he asked, but didn’t wait for Chuuya’s approval before continuing.

 

    “Are you happy that we met? Right here, all those years ago?”

 

    It was a question that he needed to know the answer to. He needed an honest answer, no matter what it was, or how hard it would be to hear. He needed to know if there was anything about his existence that had ever done right by Chuuya. Anything at all.

 

    Chuuya froze in his tracks. That question had caught him even more off-guard than the previous question had. It wasn’t like Dazai to ask such things, and even less like him to care about what Chuuya had to say at all. Chuuya still didn’t understand what Dazai was trying to get at. What angle he was trying to play.

 

    "What's it matter to you, shitty bastard?" he asked defensively. "Since when have you ever cared if I’m happy or not?"

 

    “I didn’t. Before… Everything, I didn’t care about you at all,” Dazai admitted, waving his bloodied hand vaguely.

 

    He'd certainly pretended to, though. But Dazai hadn't been capable of such things before Odasaku and the Agency. He hadn't been human, back then.

 

    Now, though, now Dazai was capable of those things. Of feeling guilty. Of caring for Atsushi and the others. For Chuuya. And he did care about Chuuya now, he cared very deeply about Chuuya. He just didn’t understand why.

 

    And Chuuya had always known, on some level, that Dazai had never really cared about him at all. He had been far too young and too naïve to realize it when they were partners, but after Dazai left, it had finally sunk into him. Hearing Dazai admit it, though, just drowned out the last bit of hope that Chuuya had, that he had ever meant anything to Dazai at all.

 

    “It’s different now, though,” Dazai continued, halting Chuuya’s train of thought.

 

    “Everything is different. We’re different. I’m more human now.”

 

    Chuuya had to laugh. “Like Hell, you’re different,” he spat, taking a step closer to Dazai. "You haven't changed at all since the day you disappeared. When we fought Lovecraft together it was like you had never left at all. Even right now, I still can't see any difference in you. You're just as shitty and manipulative as you always have been. What are you trying to get from me?"

 

    Dazai took a step back as Chuuya approached him. He felt his back pressed against more jagged metal. He smiled faintly, just to himself.

 

    Maybe Chuuya was right. Maybe it was wishful thinking to believe he had changed. He felt different, but that meant nothing when his actions were the same as always. He cared about Chuuya now, but that didn't matter if he just kept treating him the same as always. Maybe Dazai never could be human, after all.

 

    “I want you to know that this isn’t your fault,” he murmured. “You didn't do anything wrong. I'm trying to be human, but it isn't working out, I guess. Maybe I should give up?"

 

    Chuuya took another step closer. Dazai could run if he wanted to. Chuuya wasn't close enough to corner Dazai, even when Dazai had his back against a girder now.

    God, how nice would it feel, to be able to take all of his anger out on Dazai right now. To beat the shit out of him. Punch him until he was bleeding and begging for mercy. But Chuuya was confused more than he was angry, and there was still a piece of this puzzle that he didn’t have yet. He wouldn’t give into his anger. Not just yet.

 

    "Of course I never did anything wrong, you bastard," he hissed. "You're the one who disappeared without a word. It wasn't even because of me! I never had any influence on you at all! So why now? Why is it now that you suddenly want to act like what I have to say is worth a damn to you?"

 

    "Because this is the end of us, Chuuya," Dazai said sternly. Finally, the whole truth was coming out.

 

    "I came here today so that I could say goodbye to you. So that I could let you go, so that I'll never harm you again. Because it seems that's all I can do for you, Chuuya. All I can do is hurt you."

 

    And for Chuuya's sake, Dazai laid his heart out in his hands and offered it up to Chuuya for the slaughtering.

 

    "I do care about you, Chuuya. I didn't back then, but I do now. Everything you say is worth a damn because these are the last words we'll say to each other, at least as far as our personal relationship is concerned.”

 

    But Chuuya said nothing. He couldn’t think of anything to say. The only word that he could think of to describe his emotions was dumbfounded. Dazai had caught him off-guard one more time that day, and Chuuya couldn’t recover this time.

 

    Knowing that there was nothing left for Chuuya to say, Dazai tucked his hands into his pockets and turned his back to Chuuya. “Goodbye, Chuuya,” he murmured, and began his slow exit, strolling away and not daring to look back. He didn’t want to know how Chuuya was looking at him right now. It was better that he didn’t. It would make all of this hurt less.

 

    And though Dazai had believed that he was offering his own heart up for the slaughtering, he ended up slaughtering Chuuya’s instead. It felt to Chuuya as though those final words from Dazai had ripped his heart right out of his chest and left him there to bleed and die. He tried to speak, but the only sounds that came from his mouth were incoherent stutters. He just couldn't find the right words to say. He couldn't even seem to make himself ask Dazai to stay.

 

    But Chuuya knew that he wouldn't have been able to go after Dazai or ask him to stay, even if his entire body hadn't decided to short-circuit on him. He needed time to process this; to really sit down and try to understand what Dazai had said to him today. To figure out how he felt. To decide where to go from here.

 

    But one thing was certain. Though Dazai had said that those would be the last words that the two of them ever spoke to each other, that statement certainly wasn’t true. Chuuya would make sure of that.


    Dazai wouldn’t have his own way. Not this time.